From: Hywel Apbuckler <hywelapbuckler@gmail.com>
Date: Tue, 16 Aug 2016 23:06:41 -0400
Subject: BP vs Buckler
Message-ID: <CAAuJ3V5zJU4p9dGd4G15Mxu=a6VzQUTasys=JYtwOqc=SNqpbg@mail.gmail.com>

I just discovered you. This page
<https://www.hcrlaw.com/people/jane-mayglothling/> told me about you.
This article <https://www.hcrlaw.com/blog/what-is-a-possessory-title/> sent
me to that page after I Google'd the terms 'possessory title' .

I am the son of William Buckler. Of the 'BP vs Buckler' case of adverse
possession.
I am now 31 years old and in Oath to defend rights and freedoms (Gov ID:
25148537).

Not many people are aware of the true story of this case. I'm now able to
expose the truth thanks to skills I acquired in my career as a Cyber
Warfare/ Security Engineer.

BP did a back hand deal with an archaeological firm who discovered roman
burials under our family farm land. The 34 year campaign to remove us from
our land and steal the gold which lay beneath (to sell to museums) was a
scandal of that time and still not public information. But the scandal runs
deeper.

My father died never fully understanding his inalienable or inherent birth
rights. I single highhandedly wrote the same amount of code it takes to fly
a US drone or F22 Fighter Jet last year, so reading through and
understanding the Bill of Rights, Magna Carta and the UK's 750 'statute'
rules wasn't too difficult for me.

What I concluded from it all, was that democracy is not voting for the
leader and rule makers of the society we are members of. Democracy is in
fact, a free British Subjects right to leave, join or form any society we
choose (with any 'statute' rules we consent to be governed by -
individually!).

The 1801 UK "Society" (Regime) now closer resembles an Evil, Tyrannical,
Nationwide Cult, which doesn't serve and defend with the allodial title of
Great Britain we afford it. Its statute rules, in a lot of cases, actually
violate the laws of the land. We are systematically being
enslaved-from-birth (made members of this society by child abduction and
force) and harvested of everything we once had e.g. land, liberty, wealth,
property and even each other.

So I vow to 'renounce' membership/ citizenship from Britain's new No.1
Enemy (The 1801 UK "Society") and join/form a new British Society. Which I
have done!!

The 2015 United Technocracy Society was founded and financed by myself and
50 other British Subjects, most in Oath and still in active duty. We have a
stronghold with a defense force and are unofficially a British Protectorate
(protecting our societies members from UK Regime oppression, austerity,
genocide, interment, touchless torture etc). I will be inviting my
Commander-In-Chief to give our new Act of Union Her Royal Assent and I will
seek Royal Charter once we reach 5,000 members.

I never know how much liberty or life I have remaining making this stand
against the UK Regime. As it is one of the most powerful in the world. I
recently had a safe house raided by secret services, I've lost two Private
Military Security Contractors and my driver was in a Diana-style RTA. But I
honor my Oath and Father and I am determine to see through what I began as
it is both legal and lawful and fully warranted.

Google awarded my Technocratic System of Governance two patents in January
so we're off to a good start. And we've sold our first 'Neo-Dome' today.
Which provides free internet and electricity to those moving Off-Grid. For
each 5 we sell we're able to create a new mesh network and a 6th dome will
be erected for schools, churches and hospitals. I plan to resettle
(proclaim)back my birth land, once my colonies and defense force have grown
in strength and numbers.

Yes I am a threat to society! The 1801 UK "Society" specifically. But it's
been more than a threat to our country, families, wealth and children's
future for many years and someone has to put an end to it! I'm willing and
able to be the John Gault people needs. I'm a proficient military commander
and leader, cyber security expect (hacker) and I've made more progress for
the freeman movement than Dean Clifford, Roger Hayes or John Harris ever
did.

Thank you for your time reading this.
I hope you and others alike will pick the right side when the time comes.

Kind Regards,

Hywel ApBuckler
Prime Technocrat
United Technocracy, GB
skype: hywel.buckler
