Catherine,

Hi, you don't know me. I'm Shan Cothi and the late Justin Smith's nephew.

I read your article. I'm an engineer and I speak Welsh, but I have to
re-connect with Wales too.

My family lost our farm of hundreds of years to BP (BP Vs Buckler 1987).
Then I got a house in Barry and the bank illegally repossed it. I won't the
claim with the ombudsman but they still kept my house. During that my
childhood sweetheart of 12 years ran off with her boss and married him.
Then I had a son with an old army colleagues sister and caught her abusing
him. She abducting him after I caught her and I've never seen my son since
(10 years so far). All the government here have tried doing is silencing
me.

I went into self-elected exile for many years. I did try coming back to
Britain because my nan had a heart attack and stroke. So I've been by her
bedside for a year. But I've also dealt with too much injustice in this
year back here, so I'm flying back to my home abroad again.

I'm going to marry in the Caribbean this month and settle down out there. I
will become a Snowbird like many other ex pats I've met - spending half the
year over there in the sun and the summers here in Wales. But I'm not
interested to be around the cities e.g. the 8% of Britain that the UK
Society occupy. Instead I've spent the last year preparing a car with
camping gear and a boat. And I'll spent my future summers in Wales
exploring the countryside and farms and off-grid people. And speaking as
much Welsh as I can.

There's some interesting heritage here in Wales. Did you ever watch Jason
Bourn? In the last movie they talk about Sin Eaters. Based on a Welsh cult
from many years ago. While their practices aren't ongoing I do believe we
Welsh still Sin Eat. We take the moral excrement in any equation and take
it on, so the rest of our race can stay pure. I see our people do this a
lot. We eat evil so that there's less of it left or less of its strength to
get to our kids and loved ones.i think this is what makes us Welsh prevail,
we are tough. Not just to withstand the pain and suffering of life, but to
ingest a little bit more of for desert so that our innocent ones get to
stay innocent and pure and have an increased chance of making into heaven.

Hopefully run into in the near future.

Sion Buckler
