http://dr1.com/forums/showthread.php/148843-Foreinger-dies-in-accident-in-La-Hermita

MY DRIVER . MURDERED!
JOHN HARRIS. A HERO! MURDERED.
STOP MURDERING EVERYONE AROUND ME.


Why doesn't the 1801 UK Regime and/or the British Government communicate
with me.
What is it you want ? NO I WILL NOT VIOLATE MY OATH!
Abduct and hide my child and try to ransom me. NO DEAL>
Try to kidnap and silence me and terririze and threaten me. NO DEAL!
Prove you control the press. NO DEAL!
TRY TO MURDER ME. NO DEAL!

I will not violate my true Oath to Queen and Country,.
switching the coat of Arms on our Oaths, is document fraud.
You havent hijacked this British Soldier. Or Father.
You will not corrupt me.

*PEDOPHILES AND NAZI'S,  CHILD SNATCHERS AND RIGHTS VIOLATORS : TO REPORT! *
David and Deborah Stewart, 7 newall mount, otley. (ex Teachers)
SSgt Peter Stewart, Royal Signals .
PCSO Karina Ingham
Judge Mcleod of Leed Magistrates
Stockeld Park , Peter Grant
MP Alun Cairnes
David Cameron (PM)
Sgt Carol Simmons

Who were the agents who ambushed my safe house in Santa Domingo without
warrant or ID last month?
The 10h failed attempt to kidnap and silence me.
Where is my abducted missing child?
abducted from my home in Stockeld Park o n the 15th Nov 2013.
THESE ARE CRIMES. THESE ARE RIGHTS VIOLATIONS!

My skype ID: hywel.buckler
call me . speak to me. Stop ignoring me.
I want to pass on evidence before I'm murdered (genocide) .
Please.


---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Hywel Apbuckler <hywelapbuckler@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, May 8, 2016 at 5:44 PM
Subject: Child abuse, abduction cover-up. ONGOING RIGHTS VIOLATIONS
To: communication@nca.x.gsi.gov.uk
Cc: Mark Nicol <mark.nicol@mailonsunday.co.uk>, help@nspcc.org.uk, Stop It
Now Helpline <help@stopitnow.org.uk>, Kat Foy <
missingadultsandchildrenuk@gmail.com>, Kat Foy <
missingadultschildren@gmail.com>, Shaun Hulme <
Shaun.Hulme@isonharrison.co.uk>, "general.enquiries@leeds.gov.uk" <
General.Enquiries@leeds.gov.uk>, "Serena.James@south-wales.pnn.police.uk" <
Serena.James@south-wales.pnn.police.uk>, "Ingham, Karina" <
Karina.Ingham@westyorkshire.pnn.police.uk>, "justice@fathers-rights.co.uk" <
justice@fathers-rights.co.uk>, "office@fathers-4-justice.org" <
office@fathers-4-justice.org>, New Fathers 4 Justice <
admin@newfathers4justice.info>


Sirs,

Please file the information I am providing you for future reference.


   - My name is Hywel of the Buckler Family, Llandough, South Wales.
   - My UK legal title is Sion Hywel Buckler.
   - I am a British Subject. I am in Oath: ID: 25148537

Oath is significant to what I'm about to tell you. The 1801 UK 'Society'
and its 750 'statute' rules may sound organised.
But as a fail safe British Subject have laws of our land (bill of Rights
and Magna Carta) and the freedom to leave, form or join ANY 'Society' we
choose.
THIS IS DEMOCRACY! I am a British Subject in OATH!
My child's mother and I attempted to exercise democracy (to check to see if
we're still in one in Britain), with a letter of conditional acceptance to
the Births/ Deaths Registrar in Leeds in November 2013. Rather than a
response, with conditions being met, my child's mother was terrorized, our
son got harmed during her panic, he was then abducted, hidden, renamed,
further endangered and I was illegally evicted from our home, denied access
to my abducted, missing child, my car stolen, successive unwarranted
attempts for my arrest and then finally (cart before the horse) a court
hearing was held. Further violations of mine and my son's Magna Carta
Section 39 Right included NO SUFFICIENT NOTICE OF THE HEARING, NO EVIDENCE,
NO OPPORTUNITY TO PREPARE A DEFENSE etc . e..g a secret court hearing was
held and judgement given based on false allegation. I was threatened with 5
years in jail for emailing asking to know where and how my abducted,
missing child was or exposing these child snatchers. WHO SECRETLY FLEW MY
ABDUCTED BOY OUT OF THE COUNTRY AND WERE VIDEO'D THEMSELVES PERFORMING
RITUALS ON HIM, WHILE THE STATE ATTEMPTED TO KIDNAP AND SILENCE ME.

The efforts to frame, corrupt, discredit, ransom, frame, bait and silence
me continue on, with three agents ambushing a safe house I have in Santa
Domingo in the Caribbean last week. The 1801 UK Regime is Britain's new
Number 1 enemy. It's been two years and I remain hunted and my child held
captive at an unknown address, forced-fatherless and exploited by state
sponsored child abusers and a child molester . WHO ARE ALSO INCESTUOUS!


On the 6th October 2013 my girlfriend Deborah Stewart of Otley and I had a
son.
Our son was born at Harrogate Hospital and returned home with us the
following day to Stockeld Park in wetherby.

On the 15th Nov 2013 a guest and I witnesses my child's mother exploiting
and abusing my son. Shortly afterwards she ran off with our son and all our
cash.
I have never seen my son since, all effort to see him have been obstructed
and/or subject to corruption conditions (which contravene my Oath).
Furthermore all information about my abducted, missing son has been kept
from me since early 2014.

My son is still being held captive at an unknown address in the hands of
his abusive mother and her father who is a reported child molester, as I
recently discovered. My son, also a British Subject, has been renamed, made
a member of the 1801 UK 'Society' and vaccinated by way of abduction and
against a letter of conditional acceptance and my expressed denial of
consent. I am not just a concerned father but I have a duty to Queen and
County to uphold the rights of British Subjects, which in the case of my
son are all in violation for the second successive year. Furthermore no
request has been made for my medical history or records (held by the
British Armed Forces, Glasgow) which concerns me about his captors and
abducts who have not only subjected him to a reduced quality of living and
standard of care at his place of captivity, but are not ensuring the best
standards of health care possible, as is his human right. Furthermore he
has, by way of abduction, been forced from Private Health Care to Public
against my expressed denial of consent and very unnecessarily e.g. a low
quality of health care is being forced upon him by way of abduction,
forced-faithlessness etc

I am deeply concerned for my child. Who remains abducted and missing.
I have reported this to missingchildrenuk, nspcc, west Yorkshire police,
south wales police and more. ALL HAVE IGNORED THESE CONCERNS FOR TWO
SUCCESSIVE YEARS. However, considerable effort has been made by my child's
abductors and captors and the 1801 UK Regime to corrupt, ransom, frame,
terrorize, kidnap and silence (and even murder) me.

After my child's abduction I was illegally evicted, my car was stolen, a
website was set up by my child's mother's family attempting to discredit
me. Successive attempts were made to frame and criminalize me. Two suprise
attempts were made to arrest me and a secret court hearing was held where
my legal person (not me the physical human) was threatened with 5 years in
jail for 'harassment' for emailing my child's captors and abductors asking
to know where and how he was. 3 weeks after dialogue via email ceased.

Surprise attempts by South Wales and West Yorkshire Police to surprise
kidnap me (without Warrant) continued, I received threats from ISON
Harrison Law Firm in Leeds, who along with Judge McLeod of Leeds
Magistrates Court committed series of document fraud to violate my inherent
and inalienable section 39 magna carta right and the Good Samaritan Law.
West Yorkshire Policewomen (Sgt Carol Simmons and PCSO Karina Ingham) also
ransomed and threatened me via recorded calls before committing document
fraud.

I will not pay this cartel of my child's abductors a fee or enter into
contract with them as it is child exploitation. Which they have attempted
to forge by kidnapping me without warrant. I have a constitutional duty to
rebel against this tyranny and corruption and I have a duty as a father to
remain a voice for my abducted missing child, AND AS A WITNESS OF HIS ABUSE
(where both others have been silenced).

I continue to be ignored. Other than MissingChildrenUK who only yesterday
asked to view evidence. After two years of ignoring me, threats of
reporting me for harassment for emailing them every week. A comment on my
blog lying and attempting to discredit me and an email alleging I am a
'nutter'. They seem to have depleted all option not to help my son.
Including a response that he is not missing if he is believed to be with
the mother. Which I have no confirmation of.

So you see, my son was abducted by his abuser. All information has been
kept from me. What information I have been able to gather raises more
concerns. e.g. he was secretly flown out of the country after his
abduction, subjected to the rituals of a child sex abuser at his home in 7
newall mount in Otley. In the interim there have been numerous attempts to
kidnap and silence me. ISON Harrison had my blog about this matter
censored. My gmails, old Facebook, Skype and other accounts, including my
TSB bank account, were shut down without warning. In an attempt to frame
me, a t-shirt I posted to my abducted son's last known address was reported
as a possible bomb. This effort to paint me as a terrorist is extreme
considering I am a British Army Reservist, STILL IN OATH!

Last month 3 agents are reported to have tried surprise visiting me, at an
old safe house I have in Santa Domingo in the Dominican Republic. They
failed to kidnap and silence me and again were not reported to have ID or
Warrant. This is after a video was taken this time last year of two black
helicopters circling my family estate in South Wales and death threats on
my family local former para trooper (who was then arrested) (Francis Pope).

I cannot be part of a society which commits these crimes and rights
violations against children. What would posses my own child's mother to
violate our child's rights is not beyond me. She belongs to a pedophile/
child abuse ring, she was sexually abused as a child by her father who was
sexually abused as child. The cycle of child sex abuse continues BY FORCE!

I refuse to be silenced. I will never be accepting. I still live in peace
and abundance. I'm still a willing and able father. I demand my son's safe
return to his father and home. For this to happen I demand a response to my
concerns of two years. I will not enter into contract or pay a fee for the
safe return of my child as this is exploitation and child trafficking. BY
the 1801 UK REGIME!

Furthermore a port order request I made in 2013 was ignored (which is the
protocol to prevent abducted children being registered as citizens of a
state). A letter of conditional acceptance to the registrar is still being
ignored by the department, who have not met the conditions of acceptance of
membership of my abducted child to the UK 'Society'. Instead it has been
done by way of abduction which is corruption of the very mechanism of
democracy British Soldiers lay down their lives to defend.

 Under the conditions of this pro-longed injustice, I believe it's now time
to exercise true democracy in Britain. British Subjects are still free to
leave, form or join any society we choose. The 1801 UK 'Society' has very
evidently surpassed becoming a repressive, tyrant regime and now closer
resembles an evil, tyrannical nationwide cult. It does not serve us and it
does not defend us. I am, as a British Subject in Oath to the Queen,
encouraging British Subject to now renounce citizenship from this Regime
and join/form a new British Society.

I have done as much and I will be inviting my Commander-in-Chief to give my
new British Societies Act of Union and 'statute' rules Her Royal Assent.
And I will explain why I have gone to this length and name the agentic
negligence and corruption of UK Regime and its agents and Citizens as these
ONGOING crimes took place.

Kind Regards,

Sion Hywel Buckler
Concerned Father
Oath Keeper: 25148537
http://missingmilo.lockernerd.co.uk
https://www.vmbvoom.com/pitches/united-technocracy-1
