

Paul,

If I've erred in writing to you again I anticipate in advance, your 
forgiveness. 

Further to our last correspondence, I'm writing to make a new request in 
seeking your assistance in identifying any records held by the Council 
relating to one or two physical features and commemorative or heritage 
items in the Llandough / Leckwith Road area.

In particular, I would be grateful for information on the following:

*Tree planting*
Does the Council hold any records of a tree (the one shown in the attached 
photo), including its exact location, maintenance history, and/or removal 
or relocation.

*Stone or marker on the green*
The origin, purpose, and installation details of the millennium stone 
located on the green, and whether it originated from our land and former 
Great House. If not, out of just pure curiousity, can you tell me where it 
originate? If not from our land then where?

I explicitly say “our land” (present tense), not former land, for two 
reasons:

Firstly, we have never surrendered our land ownership claim, nor has it 
been lawfully or even properly legally extinguished. My late nan, even 
before falling back to her advised adverse possession claim, maintained and 
proved to a court she owned it. She was then dispossed of that proof but 
her ancestral "Williams Title" and name claim prevailed. 

Then BP's license letters to a purposefully inacurately titled "Mrs 
Buckler" to sever her land claim as a living woman, also layed a time bomb. 
But that doesn't hold water as I will explain later.

Finally my nans conveniently timed death in the two weeks she will have had 
to challenge BP's registration of our land in their names, gave the 
appearance of no contest. But it's my undertanding that BP commited purgery 
witholding from (and providing false) information, to the land registry, 
while Thatcher lifted normal dudiligence guardrails; effectively allowing 
the land registry to look the other way while the corporation did this. 

The whole license letter agreement was also with a non existence legal 
fiction "Mrs Buckler" which BP imagined up in 1974 to quash my nans 
audience with a judge she requested. After courts already adjourning her 
audience with the judge earlier in 1974.  Its arguable if her audience with 
the judge was even quashed by these letters, as the hearing appears to have 
been quashed first and the reason actually came later. So block a disabled, 
widowed, pensioners audience with a judge and figure out a reason later. 
That reason being the famous BP license letters. Which also appeared to 
have been sent afterwards and backdated. This was  desperate and criminal. 
Not to mention identity fraud, considering it was creating joinder with a 
legal fiction without the rights the living woman Mrs Williams had. With no 
meeting of the minds either. And to add more insult to injury it was falsly 
alledged BP were backing off due to the bad press. Who supported my nan and 
this scandal. 

Then later in 1987 the court applied this alledged agremeent with BP and my 
nan to my parents who entered into no such agreement with BP. And the 
ruling stated my nan (now dead from 1983 and unable to defend her claim) 
accepted the license letters due to a non response. Which is itself a 
stretch of the imagination. But also untrue as in 1974 a publication was 
made by the press. See attached. But this evidence was supressed and so not 
in the court hearing in 1987. Does this read to you like acceptable through 
silence? She's literally screaming top of her lungs to the world. What a 
sham all this is. What a rap ship. The only class in this act of what is 
now Church View Close, was my nan. 

Furthermore the judge in BP vs Buckler 1987. Who stated she'd "imagined" 
her ownership, which was an easy downplay of our standing to make, seeing 
as my nan was too dead (possibly murdered) to defend herself - he said that 
even my nans contest of BP, would have been to BP Pension Trust not the 
plaintiff BP Properties and they were two separate companies. Yet in my 
father's appeal he pointed out BP Pension Trust should have been the 
plaintiff to which that same judge replied both BP companies are 
effectively the same. A blatant "heads BP win, tails we lose". I can't even 
understand how all the legal minds criticising this for the last 3 decades 
haven't raised any of these concerns. I guess nobody cares enough about 
disabled or elderly enough to care how they could be treated in these ways. 
Again my family, still terrorised into silence, have also been told for 
decades that times past and nothing can be done about this. But fraud is 
the new discovery and it unravels ALL !!

Because we all tolerated this our children will be next. As the song goes. 
And I have a wife son and daughter. I am not tolerating this. I already 
don't let my daughter step foot in that realm of so much sinister, 
gatekeeping of false records and narratives and protection of the worst 
kinds of people who are eating away at our lands and communies from the 
inside. 

How I am so easily ignored by those alledgedly serving and defending and 
claiming to be a democracy there, is where I feel I maybe on a completely 
alternate plane of reality. I don't undertand the disconnect as I in full 
mental and physical health. I left my military career with full honours. I 
complete my 22 in Oath under the employ of the Vale Council in 2024. I am 
bonafide. I also know war having served in the middle east. Not withstand I 
am most assuredly, along with my family, the rightful holders of lordship 
of the manor of Llandough. Demolishing the manor house in a terorist act 
doesn't change that. 

This pathogen/cancer like fraud and bad faith and actors, more so those who 
protect it all after I've brought it to all your attentions it is the sort 
of stuff that lead to the "battleground" and "warzone" the newspapers of 
1988 described Llandough as being. With one councillor warning on record he 
was almost certain someone would get killed. While Parliment stated 
publicly BP Pension Trust would not be happy to learn what was going on in 
South Wales (to children and grandchildren of a possibly murdered 
pensioner). Even the MP at the time sided with us. And my dad did die like 
was warned. But not in battle, but afterwards. Which is common. His death 
fighting this cruel first war (in a series of cruel wars soon to ensue) was 
soon after his appeal of the 1987 ruling was wrongfully dismissed and his 
ECHR request was blocked and his home bulldozed down. After he was ripped 
from his hospital bed and jailed without charge to purposefully prevent him 
defending his home from being demolished. 

ITV, who failed to report my mum was even pregnant with 3 children. In 
footage that just took 38 years to see the light of day. Maybe because it 
stated and showed SAS being used and this whole Thatcher/ BP crime on my 
family, Llandough and even our nations herritage & history. Or that it 
highlighted the lands premium real estate value overlooking Cardiff Bay. 
(Before being abruptly cut/ edited). So there's clearly more and ongoing 
supression of information. And even worse is how ITV just quietly published 
this to YouTube. This rabbit hole goes even further since I got back from 
exile in 2022 to find the news anchor Nichola Haywood Thomas dying and dead 
too before being able to talk to her about that. And that lady was like a 
second mum to me growing up as her son Tom and I were best friends. What is 
interesting is how even practically  living with Tom and his mum in Cardiff 
for a time, she never mentioned that news coverage or footage. Which I find 
very odd too.

Does nobody els there want to fight this evil and have a chance of making 
it old to your beds dying of natural causes surrounded by family. It's 
something we see less and less. And I say this as a certified and 
experienced military commander and leader and warfare professional. It is 
not normal. We are already in a hybrid war and its getting less and less 
hybrid by the week. 

I was both there through all that in Llandough in 1988 and by 2005 I was in 
an actual warzone in the middle east. And you should know from me, the Iraq 
soldiers I encountered while flying through villages behind a machine gun 
on a helicopter, just broke through Belgium and are heading to UK. And I'm 
fairly confident our beach in Monknash in Wales was recently made exposed 
to import firearms and migrants. I ran that beach car park 2022-2024 and 
have my police Axon bodycam and CCTV footage. So I would hope my family and 
our community heal from our divide and conquer in 1988 swift and sure so we 
can put this behind us and to bed sooner than later. Or we will most 
certain die as individuals at an increasing rate to what we already are. 
And I know, even while flying around, Llandough is seeing specific 
instances of the concerns I'm raising. Moving the British Legion closer 
inwards won't help. The Brit'ish are the issue for us indigenous Britons 
and Welsh and our actual guests, friends and family who aren't. I already 
exported my dog from Dinas Powys to my place in the Caribbean after an 
afghan was in my garden trying to steal him. 97 were secretly housed by the 
Vale Council near our 11 home village of Monknash at the time. Absolutely 
no response to my report of one trying to steal my dog as they were more 
concerned about keeping it secret from the public. Not withstanding I was 
expected to sleep in a tent that same year, flying back from New York to 
care for my other nan. The Brit'ish is already waging war on our 
communities. I'm 100% a counter officer now. I pray Wales decolonises and 
Scotland renounces and ireland Unites and England at least gets its own 
parliament. I heard yesterday UK police giving a public warning to prepare 
to be shot at and run and hide. Not that you should run and hide unless 
you're a woman or child. Also knives you run from, guns you run towards. 
The Brit'ish is forever depopulating indigenous Britons. But like I'm 
proving with our land in Llandough. We are the land. And regimes do come 
and go on our small pale island. 

If my alledged own hometown community want to treat sons of Llandough how 
I've been. Which is buried alive and exiled as a toddler. So let's start 
with the fact nobody even knows me in Llandough as I am basically presumed 
dead since birth by Llandough. I was sent to war to die as a teen by Blair. 
Not withstanding that I was then exiled between leaving my military career 
with honours in 2007 and serving under the welsh government in 2022, after 
whisleblowing on the epstein class in 2013. 8 years I was on a caribbean 
island with my girlfriend Dr Carrie Madej. Just to survive the 3 pairs of 
corrupt UK police, 5 lots of corrupt UK soldiers and the helicopter sent 
after me to Monknash, to try to kidnap and silence me. No charges. No 
warrant for my arrest. Just the cover up of ritualistic child abuse of my 
abducted boy. After failing to ransom me with him. I know precisely the 
threat of wickedness and torture everyone is held hostage under there, in 
that realm. My son is still abducted and missing, presumed dead. 13 years 
later. There's no justice or child protection or other system back there. 
Just the illusion of it, while the inverse is occurring. 

We can only truly count on our communities, tribes and family. 

But I digress. To resume what  I was saying beforehand, the statute of 
limitation with this matter between my family and BP would normally have 
applied had it not been for my discovery and allegation of fraud and 
withholding and suppression of information that resulted in our 
displacement from our land and home.

My two private security close protection officers when I got exiled until 
2022, were both 3 time decorated gulf war veterans. One an airforce MP from 
Derby. The other a US Marine Lt. Col Curtis Van Sant. Curtis was also a 
police Sergeant in Miami and professor of criminal psychology. While in a 
safe house in Santo Domingo, DR  - before we obtained the video evidence of 
my 36 day old boys abductors and captors performing rituals on him. Before 
the corrupt UK police tried calling me to surrender, having failed to try 
to kidnap and silence and frame and extradite me. Before all that we had 
shreds of evidence. Nothing individually constituted a crime of any 
velocity. But Curtis, being a professor of criminal psychology knew all the 
signs were there. Like some of the images on their computers. Or the animal 
clothes they would dress my abducted boy in. Or the tactics attempted to 
try using my abducted child to handle or ransom me. 

That's the perfect crime Thatcher and BP (the Brit'ish) hoped it would be 
on our town of Llandough and my disabled widowed pensioner nan. My nans 
title stolen then it was a death of a thousand cuts over decades. Court 
mistakes. Proceedural unfairness. Supression of information. Fake news, 
fasly labelling us squatters. All designed to fly under the radar of 
anything constituting a crime. But a crime has been commited on Llandough. 
Perhaps like we say in Llandovery where Rhys and I went to private boarding 
school before I got into military intelligence,  Llandough has old 
Llandoughians like Llandovery has old Llandoverians. I see some online 
never forever our family and farm which warms my heart. Many kind words on 
social media from people who would come and feed our horses and so forth. 

But I digressed again. The second reason I say I own the land. Which might 
get the wet fish of a Councillor or MP you have there to show a pulse, is 
the Land Registry recently wrote back to me indicating that my nan, Mary 
Williams, was not incorrect in our claim of ownership of the land. They 
also do not dispute that we owned the farm, nor that evidence of our 
ownership didn't exist. They reaffirmed that no court ruled against my nans 
ownership claim on its merits, but simply state they will not “look behind” 
the court decision that awarded BP possession and are not the body to 
investigate historical ownership. Their position is essentially that they 
will not investigate this, rather than that they have investigated and 
determined our claim to be false. Key historical questions therefore remain 
unanswered.

Our families forced removal from our land and home in Llandough, since 
1667, because us OWNERS refused to play the role of hostage tenant to the 
terrorist thieves keeping our stolen title from us, is not a final ruling 
or settled. Mere possession was awarded to BP. So even if I'd liked what 
they'd done to our place, ownership remains undetermined and unresolved. 
Forced removed doesn't change that. Time doesn't change that. Raveling 
doesn't change that. Court mistakes, fraud, purgergy, suppressing 
information. Nothing done, including rewriting and supressing history after 
the fact, has truly changed the fact that our families position remains 
unchanged and has remained unchanged and unwaivering since my grandmother 
first said, as she said until her dying breath, as my dad did until his 
dying breath, as I will until my dying breath; We are that land. It is 
ours. 

Had the alledged fraud or consealment not occurred, we would have had 
little basis to revisit this. However, fraud and so forth is a clause in 
the limitation act for good reason, and so the limitation clock has only 
recently begun: from my discovery of this alledged fraud upon my family, 
not the time of occurrence of it. So we are into this for at least the next 
6 years. People will be remembered for their roles in these next 6 years. 

If it's any consolation, I'm working to rebuild a replica of the Welsh 
Settlement in Argentina. And here where the Welsh language and culture and 
history, along with Italians which Marconi was, will not only tell the 
story of BP vs Buckler up until 1988. But these next 6 years will more than 
certainly be on the open house tour. It's already a damming chapter for the 
Brit'ish and even Welsh Govenrment under British occupancy and rule, how 
much effort went into burying my nan, dad, farm and herritage and history. 
Argentina doesn't shy away from how wicked the British treat us Welsh too. 
Decapitation Committee was the exact phrase supporters of Michael Jones 
used. The man who helped found this colony in Patagonia. 

Makers of leaders, be careful of the kinds of leaders you're creating. 99% 
of Brit'ish MP's just refused to sign an EDM to condemn decapitating 
Christians. You have Bonnie Blue openly turning her baby shower into a 
golden shower. Your real is hell. And the four horsemen 

I would expect Llandough community to be more enthustiatic than me for a 
full and accurate understanding of the towns local history. I know my 
family would appreciate feeling that villages warmth again. Notwithstanding 
the last 3+ decades in which I believe, at least in this case alone, 
there's been a realm of suppression, scandal, abuse of power, procedural 
unfairness, and miscarriage of justice holding hostages, all of which 
proved life threatening untoward my late father, William Buckler, and my 
late nan, Mrs Williams. 

We are simply now seeking records in the hands of elected fiduciaries be 
factual, coherent, truthful and given the proper optics and focus — which 
surely you'll agree is not outside the basic benevolence of the realm I, 
until recently, naively believed we all, other than BP perhaps, all existed 
within. 

These concerns of fraud and consealment/ supression of information which I 
recently identified and alledge, are both troubling but also an opportunity 
to heal and clarify matters fully, rather than allow further untenable 
dishonour, shame, suppression and uncertainty. I simply seek accurate 
records and true accounts of history be held by public bodies. Or else the 
acting authorities there lacks legitimacy and subsiquenlty defeats your own 
alledged authority. In which case Church View Close is merely a Terrorist 
Cell or Camp, in a Terrorist Network, following the 1988 Act of Terrorism 
to displace my family while our intersecting matriarchy/ dynasty was at its 
most vunerable. Those same terrorist which demolished and replaced our 
manorial 800 year old home with shelter for the aforementioned realms 
hostage or officers doesn't change these facts; and so constitute fair 
game, in what is effectively a lawless Society of our own silence and 
aquiessance. 

*Plaques or commemorative markers*
I also wonder whether there are, or have ever been:

   - any plaques or memorials installed in the area
   - any records of proposed but uninstalled plaques
   - any references to Guglielmo Marconi or related local heritage 
   recognition (including Marconi Avenue, which I have already noted).

*Land and maintenance responsibilities*
Finally, I would be grateful for clarification of land and maintenance 
responsibilities for the green, Church View Close, and the immediate 
surrounding area. Whether these are maintained by the Council or another 
authority, and whether records exist regarding changes over time.

*Council records referencing local involvement*
Whether Council minutes, correspondence, or historical notes contain any 
references to myself or members of my family in connection with local 
events, commemorative activities, or the features described above.

If any such records exist, I would be grateful if you could advise how I 
may access copies.

If this request would be more appropriately handled as a formal Subject 
Access Request under data protection legislation, please advise and I will 
submit it in the correct format.

If the Council does not hold such records, I would be grateful if you could 
confirm this and, where possible, direct me to the relevant authority.

Thank you for your time and assistance.

Yours sincerely,


Sion Buckler
5 Robin Hill
Dinas Powys
CF64 4TF
