From: Sion Buckler <hywelapbuckler@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, 14 May 2026 15:40:04 -0300
Subject: BP vs Buckler 1987 Thatcher & SAS
Message-ID: <CAAuJ3V4AsCV+BOx05Sx0_HjZE8oM0cSB2ga4vN6PrYztuB7BMg@mail.gmail.com>

I am writing regarding this video and case;
https://youtu.be/4GXmR7mAas0?feature=shared

This appears to be previously suppressed or unaired ITV footage relating to
the 1987–1988 BP/Buckler dispossession case. I was a toddler at the time
and that is my mum on TV.

I am now a former military cyber warfare professional. I left my military
career with honours. I spent the last 2 years of my 22 years in oath
employed by the Welsh Government/ Vale of Glamorgan Council up until 2024.
I am bonafide.

The material allegedly contains significant evidence contradicting the
accepted public narrative surrounding the events, including possible
procedural irregularities and the treatment of the family involved. Maybe
even SAS in addition to the newspaper reports of 30 police to remove my
pregnant mum, terminally ill dad and siblings and me who were toddlers at
the time. The footage and associated materials have only recently come into
circulation and may be of substantial public interest.

I am seeking to preserve the material properly and ensure it is
independently authenticated and reviewed by experienced investigative
journalists. I also possess supporting historical documentation and
timelines connected to the case.

At this stage I am requesting confidential contact with an investigative
producer or journalist before wider disclosure. Original copies and
provenance information can be made available.

My family held virtual freehold (999 year lease) of the land from 1667. In
the late 1800's after Marconi stayed with us in our 800 year old former
court house 10 bedroom home, while inventing radio, we did a deal with Bute
Estate and Quarryman contractor Daniel Thomas, allowing our farmland to be
quarried in exchange for the manorial fee simple absolute title. Which my
grandmother Mrs Williams held.

Daniel Thomas died. Mary's dad and husband died. And the title was stolen
from Mary Williams. And in the window Mary had go rebuttle BP registering
her land with the land registry in 1982 after committing purgergy and
withholding information from the land registry (and erazing the name
Williams falsly alleging she was Mrs Buckler in fraudulent license letters
in 1974 after obstructing Mrs Williams having her day in court and ruling
in 1974) Mrs Mary Williams conveniently died too.

The fraudulent license letter terms were then applied to my parents who had
no such agreement with BP in BP vs Buckler 1987. My dad appealed on grounds
BP Pension Trust should have been the claimant not BP Properties Ltd. The
appeal was dismissed on grounds they were effectively the same company. But
when that same judge awarded BP possession he said my nans rebuttle of BP
Pension Trusts claim didn't count as the claimant BP Properties was a
separate company. My dads ECHR request was blocked then ge conveniently
died age 42 in 1991.

My councillor for Llandough wont reply.
My Brit'ish Muslim MP wont reply.
Cadw say its nothing to do with them after ignoring a petition and delaying
instead of listing our home as a grade II so it couldn't be demolished. The
nation archives say theres gaps in the Bute records which support we held
manorial fee simple absolute title until it was stolen. My nan maintained
unwaiveeingly she was the owner until her convenient abrupt death in 1982.

We got title fair and square. BP never got a ruling their claim with our
stolen title was more superior. Press labelled us squatters. SAS appeared
to have been used by Thatcher to force us out. But our claim remains and
unchallenged. And now I have proven fraud, fraud unravels all. And the
limitation clock only begin from discovery not occurance of the fraud.

Since we got title and did our tree planting ceremony to celebrate. We have
been the subject of a death of a thousands cuts for decades. Proceedural
unfairness, court mistakes, supressed coverage. And I am trying to speak to
Ministry of Justice (who just took 6 months to reply only to dismiss me)
and land registry (who converted my query and concern into a complaint only
to dismiss it as resolved having done nothing). Thatcher lifted any check
balances they had to do at the time so that BP were able to register our
land in their names.

This is an outrage. There were child graves in the church next to us which
were quietly moves, no press coverage. A decade until the exhivation in
1994 was reported and the child graves under states in the report by a
matter of hundreds. The 1870 roman soldier we reported was also surpessed,
so to  to this day is Marconi's stay with us while inventing radio. All so
they could get planning permission to build the 23 houses there on our
stolen land. Instead of listing our home as a Grade II they called it an
old ruin barn and building in the planning applications. They pretended not
to know about the sites archelogical and historic significants to build
houses. The excavation was one of burials biggest recorded in welsh
history. Under our farm was a lot of history with many artifacts now in
museums. So we were looted.

My family are too terrified to speak out. Like insigenous welsh hostages
under Brit'ish colonial rule and terrorists. Its absurd in 2026 but
evidently the danger is real.

I find it no coincidence when I placed everyone on notice about this fraud
I discovered companies house rejected my valid passport and driving license
and fined me for not providing ID after providing it then alledge I will be
criminalised if I dont install a digital id tracking app or go into a post
office.

Please investigate and you will find the 1,000 cuts I speak off. But we are
still here (Yma o Hyd). My brother Rhys is the rightful Lord of Manor of
Llandough. My two sisters Lady's. We will seek reperations through our
family lawyer but we want this fought in the open and not in the shadows in
clandestine civil war ways. I am a military cyber and electronic warfare
professional and I have the corrupt Brit'ish State who put my family
through all this for the last century, dead to rights. No matter all of
their murder, fraud, lawfare, procedural unfairness, court "mistakes" ,
collusion with BP, abuse of power and human rights violations.

This was an act and decleration of civil war upon us. I am in effect now a
counter officer in this matter.

I am currently at the Welsh Settlement in Argentina to rebuild a replica of
my farm for it to be somewhat open to the public. So this story can be told
and shared forever. Here they celebrate Welsh culture and history unlike
the colonised Wales that still tries to bury this. In Cardiff Bay theres a
statute of Radio with no plaque to name Marconi as he was right wing.
Cardiff council openly confess this. Meanwhile there's not even a park
bench plaque in Llandough to commemorate Marconi was ever there let alone
it being the birthplace of Radio. Just 23 charscterless houses and a parish
who also ignore this like the councillor and MP.

I urge you to investigate and report.

Sion Buckler Esq. (Ret'd Sergeant)
02031377118

FYI my aunty is Shan Cothi.
My uncle founded Tigertailz.
My grandad was Ray Smith who starred in TV series  Dempsey and Makepeace.
My other uncle is Joshua Richards who is Buewolf in Emmerdale and starred
in Troy with Brad Pitt.

We are the land.
