Sir,

I'm ex Royal Signals. I left my career with honours. I'm bona fide. My last
employer was the Welsh government. My 22 year Oath finished last year. I
now direct my security group full time.

Between my honourable discharge from my military career in cyber and
electronic warfare in 2007 and my employment under the Welsh Government in
2022 I actually spent 8 years in self elected exile in the Caribbean, with
private military close protection, to avoid being framed, kidnapped &
silenced by the British Establishment.

In recent weeks I tried extracting a Manchester victim and witness (Martin
Morgan, DOB: 17/10/1984), who seemed to be getting tampered with. He
refused to leave UK in order to remain near his adult daughter.

On Friday 5th Dec, Martin ended up in Norwich police custody. Then medical
detainment nearby over the weekend. I got him out of his situation
demanding immediate oversight and citing my credentials. He then understood
the danger is real and began following my instructions.

I got Martin on a coach to the William Wallace castle. Gave him a SIP phone
app, connected to my telephone exchange. He's now been missing since
Saturday night. I was the last person to speak with him. I have the call
recording.

It's possible that SAS or MI5 picked him up and are providing the
oversight/ witness protection I sought last weekend. He seems to be in a
farad cage since he was last heard of. The staff at the William Wallace pub
in Stirling, CCTV, and my call recording all suggest he left Sunday morning
with a group of men, not local to the area.

I have a lot of cases like mine and Martin's and the cases you illude to.
In fact I'm the son of William Buckler from the legal case BP vs Buckler
1987 which shows a long history of what we suspect. My ex is also Dr.
Carrie Madej. We were in exile together.

I also just buried my nan, after caring for her full time the last two
years. I think she had Gillian bar from the vaccine. When I flew back from
New York in 2022 to care for her, I managed to stop a nurse sneakily
injecting her with morphene. Before that her replacement hips gave her
blood poisoning.

The conditions on British Isles, for indigenous Britons, is as conducive to
our prosperity and reproduction as the world wars as black plague. I
estimate 25% of the reason (and increasing) why we are abscond from our
tribes and depopulating, is not mutually agreed or consented to or voted
on. It's murder, mixed race children from rape etc.

It wouldn't be wrong to say that at this juncture we are seeing hybrid
warfare war crimes, not quelling of unrest. Depopulation, acts of civil war
by the British Establishment upon us indigenous Britons.

I maybe the first bona fide Counter Officer in what is a civil war.

My only political act, other than exile, was to attend the WCIT secret
government meeting in Dubai in 2012. I managed to get David Cameron to pull
the UK out. Which led to most of the other member states withdrawing from
the unlawful, unconstitutional treaty. I stood alone against 147 member
states.

Feel free to call me anytime if you wish to discuss this shared concerns
here.

Regards,

Sion Buckler
Director
DATRO Security Group
DATRO Consortium Ltd
02031377118
ceo.datro.xyz
