From: Sion Buckler <hywelapbuckler@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, 20 Nov 2025 23:58:34 -0300
Subject: Enquiry Ref: Marconi and Buckler Family
Message-ID: <CAAuJ3V6HxUmyU3Ddn5cdh-k6xV115R9XWvLAYDYQjdNDm0XVtA@mail.gmail.com>

Sirs/Ma'am,

I am Sion Buckler, the son of William Buckler.
My father fought BP in the legal case: BP vs Buckler 1987.
I wish to notify you of a scandal concerning this case and Marconi.

Marconi was staying with my family at our farm (Great House Farm,
Llandough, Wales) when he invented the first working radio.
After BP stole our farm via lawfare. And demolished it. Our 800 farm was
almost immediately bulldozed down, and covered with 23 houses.
To this day there is not even a plaque to commemorate or acknowledge
Marconi was ever there, or radio was invented from this location.
As you can see when I bring this up with my local parish and councillors
the response is not cooperation or compassion or just.

The entire case is suspect. The way the farm was taken from us is suspect.
What was exhevtated from under the ground was suspect.
My fathers appeal was dismissed, which was also suspect. Basically when BP
Properties were the claimant, the judge stated my grandmother's response to
BP didn't count as her response was to BP Pension Trust Ltd (the alleged
possessor), which didn't count as them and BP Properties were seperate
companies. Also this was after my nan died, so she was unable to defend her
position. But until the day she died she maintained we owned our farm. But
in my dads appearance, where he raised the issue the claimant was not the
alleged possessor, it was dismissed citing the two companies were basically
the same.
So it was a case of 'heads they win, tails we lose' and this entire case is
riddled with fraud, concealment and scandal.
My fathers appeal to the European Court of Human Rights was shut down by
our Government too. Also suspect.
He then died very abruptly and young. The age me and my older brother are
now.

I wish to spearhead a lawsuit and sue BP and the British Government.
Under the UK Limitation Act clause concerning fraud and concealment I am
able to re-open this case.

The Italian government may wish to investigate this by its own accord.
But I appear to have made the most ground in this investigation because of
my connection to this case.
And my background in military cyber warfare, which helps me utilize
technologies to aggregate the data.
My last employer, upon completion of my 22 Years in Oath to the Crown last
year, was the Welsh Government.

If the Italian Government would like to sponsor or endorse my work, I would
be grateful.
I think it would be poetic justice if you were to assist me in this
endeavour.

Regards,

Sion Buckler
+442031377118
