My British Countrymen, Women and Children,

I'm Gale (and Ray) Smith's grandson Hywel. I am Shan Cothi's nephew.
I am also the son of farmer William Beverly Buckler of Llandough, who gave
his life fighting BP as they took my birth-land in 1987.
Son of Branwen Sarah-Jane Smith of Newmill Farm Livery Yard, Monknash,
Wales.
I trust everyone is well? Or not as the case of this email would seem.

As you may all know, I'm ex British Forces. I am still in Oath to our Queen.
I am currently doing something not done in Britain in 214 years, the
reasons for which are stated below.
This is something I will most certainly need the faith, support and prayers
of my church to accomplish.

Like many of my countrymen. I have suffered my share of injustices.
But one injustice I have been fighting since 2013 continues to escalate
and escalate and it is become a civil war.
I will not back down, neither will my adversaries'; which include a new
extension of my own family from Yorkshire and the full force and power of
the UK Government which they have behind them.

I am from a community of British Soldiers and Policemen.
We ourselves also consider UK Troops and UK Officers adversaries. These
types are not the same as us.
Where we operate under the understanding of serving and defending (in Oath,
under democracy, with Rights and Freedoms);
our adversaries violate their Oath and follow undemocratic,
unconstitutional and unlawful orders to enforce 'statute' rules  commit
crimes.

The last time I was at your church praying was after I witnessed my 36 day
old boy being subjected to the abuse of his mother, before then being
abducted and hidden (where he remains). Whilst my child has been held
captive at an unknown address successive attempts have been made to
corrupt,then ransom, threaten, discredit, frame, ostracize (illegally
evict), terrorize (theft of all mine and my son belongings and money) and
kidnap and silence me. Successive attempts were then made by South Wales
Police to surprise kidnap me, while attempts were being made by Leeds
Magistrates court to silence me. My 'crime' was to email my child's mother
and every UK Authority from the date of my child's abduction (15th Nov
2013) until today, asking to know where and how my abducted, missing child
is and for his safe return to his father and home. A crime punishable with
5 years imprisonment for 'harassment'.

 It is now September 2015 and I am yet to even receive a response from the
entire UK Society. Meanwhile video's of my abducted, missing child, being
subjected to child sex abuse rituals
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUUUCHANDLs> by an incestuous West
Yorkshire cult of pedophiles and child molesters circulate the internet. He
was also given a new identity, enslaved into the UK Regime against consent
and medicated with undisclosed chemicals (and secretly flown out of the
country) following his abduction and being forced-fatherlessness and kept
from his family). Others witness reports and concerns for my child
(concerning abuse, incest etc) are also being ignored by UK Authorities and
even other witnesses are fearful of being perused. I will not be part of a
society which commits these occultist crimes against children and their
liberties. I will not be silent about it. I will never be accepting of it.
I remain in absolute protest, under duress and non consenting.  The 1801 UK
Society is not Britain and never has been. It has evidently become a Regime
and worse still and evil, tyrannical cult: 99% of its citizenship don't own
land, 77% do not own property, the rate of new born babies is dropping
while violation of the UK's 750 'statute' rules result in prison (of which
the deaths are rising by 30%). There is a family breakdown epidemic, child
sex abuse is on the rise and the UK's Debt is now £1.5Trillion.

The 1801 UK Regime no longer serves and defends the British people and/or
our land, property, children, lives, liberties and even children. My
experience and statistics tells me that UK Regime occult-loyalists
have infiltrated, corrupted and hijacked our entire system of governance
and society and have done for many years in order to *harvest us* of
everything  Now there is only our liberty, lives and souls left to corrupt
and/or take. I did not contend the theft of my child, our belongings, our
home, our vehicle, our money or failed attempts to corrupt, threaten,
ransom, discredit, frame and criminalize me. I prayed only for my sons
safety and their forgiveness as misguided individuals. But my natural (and
military training) survival intuition made me evade being kidnapped and
silenced; at least until I could fully understand what it was my son and I
were being subjected to and by whom. Now I do! And in full knowledge of who
my enemy now is, I am ready to fight it.

We British subject's are still free to renounce from the UK Regime and its
'750' statute rules (a £223 fee). Then we are free to join/form any British
Society we feel will serve and defend us, our children, our land, wealth,
property etc. But there are no other British Societies than the UK that we
can join. And forming one is near impossible against the immense power of
the UK. This is why I am setting up a new 2015 Act of Union for a new
British Society. I have private military security, I am warranted, I am in
Oath, I am trained in warfare. I have a chance of restoring true democracy
to Britain which I feel would check-balance a the rogue, tyrant, occult-run
state my countrymen now live under in absolute fear.

British Oath keepers swear to defend rights, freedoms, Queen, Country and
democracy.
These liberties have all stopped being taught to her Majesty's British
Subjects by the UK Regime. British Subject's in the UK Regime are now
trapped in a tyranny.
The 1801 UK Society is no longer a British society we afford the great
privilege of serving and defending us. We are deceived into joining during
the birth registration process.
But we have a right and freedom to afford any Society we choose this
privilege. A liberty, when exercised, is called 'true
democracy'. Exercise of this power of True democracy is long overdue.

We must unite under an new British Society Act of Union which I will
personally (or via drone) will deliver to My Commander-In-Chief (The Queen) for
Her Royal Ascent.
Needless to say the UK Regime and loyalists to this Regime want my head for
daring to question the system, but unfortunately, I do have the audacity
to fulfill my Oath.
It is both legal and lawful and the British People are crying out for such
a solution. I can only ask for the prayers of other Christians to give me
the strength and protection I need from God as I take on this challenge.

The new British Society/ Colony I've begun developing is in a woodland of a
Caribbean Island. The UTE is a technocracy (technocratic system of
governance).
Unlike the 1801 UK Society (and its 750 statute 'rules') we operate under
the rule of our two British 'common' laws; The British Bill of Rights and
the Magna Carta Charter. Legislation by the people for the
people, which the UK Regime is working to erase and hide from the British
People.
A liberty myself and many of my former comrades continue to lay down our
lives to defend.

When our new British 'technocratic' Society has grown in strength and
numbers, I hope to return to Britain with my Army to take back my Country
from the UK Regime which has now become Britain's greatest threat. As we
develop our new Society and System of Governance I'd like for my countrymen to
know of this message I am sending (and the information contained in it), so
that they are informed enough to know their power against the tyrant and
corrupt UK Regime as well as the choice they now have to join a new Social
Movement our here with our new British Society.

British Subject's who feel this 1800's UK Society is failing them are no
longer forced to afford this Regime the great honor of serving or defending
them.
Since the UTE is new and fragile we must be away from our own island to
mitigate the threat the UK Regime now poses to British Subjects exercising
their inalienable and inherent (democratic) right and freedom. We will not
be going as far as renouncing citizenship from the UK Regime until our Act
of Union has received Royal Ascent and we land back on home soil in masses.

Thank you for your time reading this.
God save our Queen..... our Country and new Society.

Hywel ApBuckler
UTE
http://utelife.com
skype:hywel.buckler
