2026-10-09 MOD DBS SAR response
From: DBS Subject Access Request Team <dbsitms-ia-sar@mod.gov.uk>
To: hywelapbuckler@gmail.com
Date: Fri, 09 Oct 2026 07:41:09 +0100
Subject: DBS Response to your Subject Access Request (SAR)
RFC Message-ID: <5jhxf2mzeph.bn24kqtjbcfv@ecmodlv1.ecase.co.uk>
Gmail thread: 1a11f64eb5e1f45a message: 1a11f64eb5e1f45a
Attachments: none
Secure share (expires 6 November 2026 23:59): https://secureshare.mod.gov.uk/documents/fcc8e7df-f808-46ca-b432-07cb6897bb10
Matching pdf/ images/: none.

Transcript:
Ref: Subject Access Request DPR2026/46503

Dear Mr Buckler,
Please accept our apologies for the delay in responding to your request, Defence Business Services (DBS) Disclosure Team are receiving a high volume of submissions and as such we are experiencing delays in processing requests.
Following receipt of your request on 5th August, for information held about you in accordance with Data Protection Legislation. Please see our response below relating to your Subject Access Request (SAR).
You can download your response using the below link.
https://secureshare.mod.gov.uk/documents/fcc8e7df-f808-46ca-b432-07cb6897bb10
The files will be available for download until 6 November 2026 11:59pm. Please do not access this link if you are not the intended recipient.
You asked for:

I am writing to request information under the Freedom of Information Act 2000 regarding any involvement of UK Armed Forces personnel in mine, my pregnant mother and heart conditioned fathers eviction/dispossession that took place in 1988 at Ty Mawr (Great House Farm), Llandough, near Penarth, Vale of Glamorgan.

Specifically, I request the following:

1. Whether any units of the UK Armed Forces, including but not limited to UK Special Forces (e.g. SAS), were deployed, tasked, or otherwise involved in this incident before, during or after the 1988 eviction (involving upto a reported 30 police officers).

2. Any records, logs, operational reports, orders, requests or communications referring to military support to civil authorities in relation to this event.

3. Any documentation relating to Military Aid to the Civil Authorities (MACA) requests connected to this incident.

4. Any correspondence between the Ministry of Defence and:
+ South Wales Police
+ Vale of Glamorgan Council
+ Welsh Office (as it existed at the time)
concerning the eviction or associated operations.

5. Any internal assessments, reviews, or after-action reports relating to the use of force or military involvement in this case.

For clarity, the incident involved the removal of myself and my family from Ty Mawr (Great House Farm) in 1988, reportedly involving a significant and coordinated enforcement presence.

We have conducted reasonable and proportionate searches for information in relation to yourself at our storage facility and on all Defence Business Services systems using the information you have provided, no information in scope of your request was located.
If you are not satisfied with this response or you wish to complain about any aspect of the handling of your request, then you should contact the Disclosures Team (civilian) in the first instance. If you remain dissatisfied then you may apply for an independent internal review by contacting the MOD Information Rights Compliance Team, Zone D, Ground Floor, MOD Main Building, Whitehall, SW1A 2HB (e-mail CIO-DPA@mod.gov.uk).
Alternatively, you can raise a complaint to the Information Commissioner under Section 165 (Complaints by data subjects) of the Data Protection Act 2018. Further details of the role and powers of the Information Commissioner can be found on the Commissioner's website, http://www.ico.org.uk.
Please see the Ministry of Defence Privacy Notice https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/ministry-of-defence-privacy-notice/mod-privacy-notice. This notice explains your rights and gives you the information that you are entitled to under the Data Protection legislation in response to your Subject Access Request (SAR).

Yours sincerely,
DBS Disclosures Officer 6
Defence Business Services Civilian Disclosures Team
On Behalf of
Jo Turton
DBS Data Protection Lead
Knowledge, Information & Business | Digital, Information & Technology | Defence Business Services
