
Thank you for emailing Heathrow Animal Reception Centre.



Service dog pre-approval requests: You must follow the guidance on our dedicated website<http://www.cityoflondon.gov.uk/harcassistance>. We request you send everything requested under 'Stage 1' a minimum of 7 days prior to your departure. We aim to respond to your email within 72 hours as per 'Stage 2' on our website. Please do not call us for a response to your email if it was sent less than 72 hours ago.

General PETS enquiries: We recommend you review the GOV.UK website<https://www.gov.uk/bring-pet-to-great-britain> for further guidance on UK PETS scheme. We also recommend you employ the services of an IPATA pet shipper<http://www.ipata.org> to assist with the relocation of your pets.

PETS Pre-check requests from pet shippers / handling agents: We aim to respond to pre-check requests within 72 hours of receipt. Please ensure you include the words "pre-check" in the subject line, followed by the date of arrival and air-waybill number to ensure your request goes through to the right section of our mailbox. Please be aware we cannot complete a pre-check for consignments that do not include proof-of-travel for the consignee/nominated person.

O2KFWD cargo related matters: HARC no longer operates an ok to forward system. Pre alerts should be sent to harc@cityoflondon.gov.uk within 48 hours of arrival, as per the airlines RMOP.



Please do be aware our phoneline is usually very busy throughout the day, and we request you refrain from calling regarding any of the above matters. This is to help ensure our partners and stakeholders are able to get through for any emergency airport related matters.

THIS E-MAIL AND ANY ATTACHED FILES ARE CONFIDENTIAL AND MAY BE LEGALLY PRIVILEGED. If you are not the addressee, any disclosure, reproduction, copying, distribution or other dissemination or use of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this transmission in error please notify the sender immediately and then delete this e-mail. Opinions, advice or facts included in this message are given without any warranties or intention to enter into a contractual relationship with the City of London unless specifically indicated otherwise by agreement, letter or facsimile signed by a City of London authorised signatory. Any part of this e-mail which is purely personal in nature is not authorised by the City of London. All e-mail through the City of London's gateway is potentially the subject of monitoring. All liability for errors and viruses is excluded. Please note that in so far as the City of London falls within the scope of the Freedom of Information Act 2000 or the Environmental Information Regulations 2004, it may need to disclose this e-mail. Website: http://www.cityoflondon.gov.uk
