Thank you for your email to the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra). Please note that this email address is no longer used for general enquiries.
Enquiries should be submitted through the webform that can be found here: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/contact-defra.
If you are unable to use the webform for accessibility reasons, please visit: https://submit-an-enquiry-to-defra.service.gov.uk/accessibility-statement?lang=en_GB.
Please read through the guidance below which may be relevant to your enquiry.
Postal enquiries
Where possible, please send your correspondence electronically through our webform. If necessary, postal enquiries can be sent to:
Ministerial Contact Unit
Defra
Seacole Building
2 Marsham Street
London
SW1P 4DF
Freedom of Information Act (FOI) requests
FOI requests for recorded information should be submitted to InformationRequests@defra.gov.uk<mailto:InformationRequests@defra.gov.uk>. Please do not submit FOI requests through the webform. Defra should send you the information within 20 workings days of receiving your request.
Interviews, university work and work experience
The Department receives many requests for interviews, participation in university work and work experience. Unfortunately, given resource constraints and time pressures, we are unable to fulfil such requests and will not respond to these emails.
We recommend you visit the GOV.UK website and examine the material available there. If after having examined this you still have specific, targeted questions, please use the webform to submit them and we shall endeavour to answer them.
All Civil Service Job opportunities are posted on the Civil Service job site: Civil Service job search - Civil Service Jobs - GOV.UK<https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi>.
Kind regards,
Ministerial Contact Unit
Defra
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) This email and any attachments is intended for the named recipient only. If you have received it in error you have no authority to use, disclose, store or copy any of its contents and you should destroy it and inform the sender. Whilst this email and associated attachments will have been checked for known viruses whilst within Defra systems we can accept no responsibility once it has left our systems. Communications on Defra's computer systems may be monitored and/or recorded to secure the effective operation of the system and for other lawful purposes.
