
Hi

I will get back to you as soon as possible please note that we are experiencing a high volume of calls and emails .

Please note that by engaging our services, we cannot guarantee that your matter will be completed by the 30th June 2021 so as to fall within the Stamp duty Land Tax ( or Land Transaction Tax in Wales) rates prevailing at today's date. By continuing to engage us you confirm that you acknowledge the possibility that your matter may complete once the current stamp duty holiday has ended and if it does you will be liable for the duty payable at that time. Details of these rates can be found at:-

https://www.gov.uk/stamp-duty-and-tax/residential-property-rates

Whilst we will make every reasonable effort to complete the matter in accordance with your instructions, we do not have control over other parties involved in the transaction such as Banks, Buidling Societies, Councils,surveyors, or your sellers/buyers or their solicitors. Should the Stamp D Land Tax Duty rates during your transaction and you feel that this will affect your abiliity to proceed you must advise us immediately. If you have any questions aout this, please contact us.

Kind Regards

Jane
"Warning: Copyright Harrison Clark Rickerbys Limited. Where the content of this e-mail and/or attachment includes materials prepared by Harrison Clark Rickerbys Limited the use of those materials is subject exclusively to the conditions of engagement between the practice and its client.

HARRISON CLARK RICKERBYS LIMITED DO NOT ACCEPT SERVICE OF DOCUMENTS OR PROCEEDINGS BY EMAIL.

This communication is confidential and may contain legally privileged information. By the use of e-mail over the internet Harrison Clark Rickerbys Limited is not waiving either confidentiality of, or legal privilege in, the content of the e-mail and of any attachments.

Harrison Clark Rickerbys Limited are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Click here http://www.hcrlaw.com/privacy-policy-hcr/ to access our Privacy policy. If you have received this e-mail in error please contact Harrison Clark Rickerbys Limited on telephone number 01905 612001 or e-mail gdpr@hcrlaw.com. Harrison Clark Rickerbys Limited will communicate with you by e-mail, however, the practice cannot guarantee the confidentiality, reliability or speed of these communications, or of any attached documents. If you wish to send to the practice any urgent, critical or encrypted e-mail communication please notify the addressee first by telephone on 01905 612001. The preferred format for receiving word-processed documents is Microsoft Word.

Regulatory information: Harrison Clark Rickerbys, Harrison Clark Rickerbys inc Shawcross, Harrison Clark Rickerbys inc Gordon Lutton, Harrison Clark Rickerbys inc Sprecher Grier, HCR Hewitsons, HCR Hewitsons inc Houlden Sweeney, Eagle HR and wills at work are all trading names of Harrison Clark Rickerbys Limited.

Harrison Clark Rickerbys Limited is a limited company incorporated in England under 7033248 and practising English Law. A list of directors is open to inspection at the registered office which is at 5 Deansway, Worcester, WR1 2JG. All directors are solicitors or barristers. The term ""Partner"" is used for directors and also senior members of staff who may be either lawyers of England and Wales or professionals other than lawyers. The firm is authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority (SRA number 520892). A copy of the Authority's rules is available at http://www.sra.org.uk/solicitors/handbook/code/content.page

Address: 5 Deansway, Worcester, WR1 2JG.
Telephone: 01905 612001
Email: lawyers@hcrlaw.com
VAT registration number: GB 979 9180 43"
