Sirs/Ma'am,

I'm Sion Buckler. Son of William Buckler of the landmark legal case BP Vs
Buckler 1987.

I am at the Welsh settlement in Argentina, attempting to rebuild a replica
of my families former 800 year old farm here.

Our farm outside Cardiff, which my family occupied since 1667, was where
Marconi invented radio. It should have been a Grade II listen building. We
should have never been forced from it. It should have never been bulldozed
down.


My family should have at least been compensated or seen justice. Instead my
father's appeal was dismissed. His ECHR request blocked and then he died in
1991 at age just 41 - my age today.

There's a number of reasons us indigenous Briton Welsh farmers got forced
from our ancestral birthland of 400 years via force, secrecy/ stealth and
license. When we operated with non of these and remained in honour.

1. Ownership was never determined in a court. Possession was saught but BP
never saught clarification on the true owners.

My nans tried making her case that we were the owners, inspire of our fall
back legal defence of adverse pissesion.

My nans audience with the judge in July 1974 was ajourned. Her request for
an audience with the judge to appeal and make her claim to the land in
October 30th was squashed too, by license letters alledgedly sent by BP
that morning, but not received until November 4th. The court stepped back
in November 1974, alledging the matter was sufficiently de-escelated due to
BP's license offer. But that was an inadvertent way of ruling in BP's
favour without ruling on the matter. So the license offer upheld, my nans
appeal and claim to land ownership unheard/ blocked yet again.

The press also appeared around my nan and home after it was leaked our
family solicitor made the appeal to the judge on the 30th October 1974. For
a hearing the next day. Odd coincidence. Where's any of that press
coverage? Suppressed? Another odd coincidence. We're they even real press.
In any case, real or not, the BP license letters afterwards gave the
appearance of a retreate by BP, when in actual fact it was forcing a
license, unlawfully and unconditionally onto my one legged, wheelchair
bound grandmother.

If ever my nan was silent, it was because the courts, her own solicitor,
maybe even husband, and BP were all incrementally deminishing her position.
Her reason for an amputated legal was a blood clot caused from the stress.
Furthermore they cut the electric, water, poisoned our river and cows.

Those BP letters of license might have worked with my grandad Frederick
Buckler. As he did express intent to entertain license offers. But that
intent, by law, will have died with him in the late 60's. My nan was a
Williams. She kept and maintained her maiden name. But the court and press
and BP would  nevertheless refer to my nan as Mrs Buckler. Since no
Williams ever showed intent. Only Frederick Buckler. And so it was
important they force upon my nan the name Buckler, and the narrative the
"Buckler's" expressed intent.

And contrary to claims my nan aquiessed and even accepted the license by
remaining silent, as falsly alleged and ill advised by her solicitor, she
did no such thing.

2. I found an article from 1978 showing my nan arranged a petition.
Arranged and open day. And claimed publically "it's my house". Our families
home since 1667. See attached.

The press say 'open day' in hyphens, as if to belittle my nans attempts to
save our home from possession, demolition and housing development.

So too, does the judge in the 87 case against my late father, use language
like my nan '“Conceived the notion” we held title - suggesting our title
claim might be fanciful or ungrounded.

But recently I have found evidence of the exchange which happened between
Sir Mark Wood and Marquess of Bute as my nan alledged. Whereby we received
title, as it was promised to us in exchange (as agricultural tenants) if we
permit quarrying to occur on the farmland.

The deal with us was not honoured. Daniel Thomas is believed to have died
in 1915. Our title is believed to have been stolen from our home by a house
guest, not fully known to us. And a copy of the title in our name, stolen
from the public library. Albeit they left the index card.

When land registry begun, BP Properties Ltd didn't just race to register in
1982 (my nan dying age 65 in 1983), despite women in our family living even
unto 101, but BP and the land registry didn't lodge that the title claim
was in dispute as they should have. Nor had they had confirmation by a
court that they were the superior owners. As it was never decided in a
court, it was actually actively avoided as my family held superior title
and claim which they couldn't challenge. Not by stealing our titles. Not by
trying to force, stealth or license.

3. BP should not have been awarded possession of our land in the landmark
legal case in 1987. The intent argument was disproven in the appeal my late
father filed afterwards. And for reasons I mentioned above. And while the
judge ruled in BP's favor, citing any rejection my nan made to BP Pensions
Trust Ltd didn't count, as the claimant and self-proclaimed licensor was BP
Properties Ltd and the two were separate companies. The same justice
dismissed my dads appeal citing both companies were effectively the same.
So a case of heads they win, tails we lose.

I've tried bringing this up with authorities all my life. And I'm forever
blocked and ignored, or my enquiries are absorbed and deflected. My family
want our justice. And compensation.

I'm a war veteran. Ieft my military career with honours. I finished 22
years in Oath. Last 2 employed under the Welsh government (Vale Council)
2022-24. I am bona fide.

It's an oborrant situation on British Isles. I've spent most of my adult
life abroad because we seem to have just been overrun by extreme
anti-indigenous leftists, non-indigenous and corporations. It's always
total silence when I bring this matter up. As I've stated, it's so bad I'm
just rebuilding a replica of my farm at the Welsh settlement in Argentina
now. Who care to celebrate the house radio was invented in. And my story
rights. And me, a living member of this family and whole matter.

It's evident history is being buried and rewritten by the anti-christian,
anti-indigenous, anti-welsh Regime occupying British isles. As there's a
statute in Cardiff of a radio which expressly won't name the inventor
Marconi as he was far right. I wonder if that's why a multi generation
lawfare campaign was waged on my farm and farm where Marconi invented
radio. Or was it the burials and treasures under our farmland that were
exhevated in 1994? Or the value of the land overlooking Cardiff bay, which
was later sold on to developers.

Someone even hypothesised that BP and the Brit-ISH/ BritLESS State took
their time with our family so that we would upkeep the farmhouse and
Stewart the land and defend it, until it had reached maturity for value
extrapolation. Which is plausible all things considered. And would go
lengths to show you the depth of evil us harvested indigenous Britons are
fighting.

I am a certified and experienced military commander and leader. And the
farm story I've given you here is just one of a long line of unjust events.
My house in 40 Lombard Street, Barry was stolen in 2012 in a similar way.
And my 36 day old boy was abducted from my home in Stockeld Park in 2013,
never to be seen again. And all that happened since then was failed
attempts to discredit, frame, kidnap, censor and silence me. So it's like a
civil war has been waged on us, which is why I only fly in and our of
Britain now, like it's another tour of the middle east.

The danger is real. I keep my daughter and wife off the island now, not
just my self. I even exported my dog to our place in the Caribbean after I
caught an Afghan in my garden in Wales, trying to steal him. One of the 97
Afghans secretly housed in StAthan, near our 11 home village of Monknash,
which the Government were trying to deny existed.

I hope someone follows up on this story of BP Vs Buckler 1987. And asks all
the questions that should have been asked throughout. And to this day.

I won't accept the illegal occupation. At some point as a now counter
officer, we Welsh, who are already seeking to decolonise, will need to
fight back by asserting boundaries upon this trespass. I should not have
been forced off my own ancestral birthland. Out of my own home. Out of my
son's life. Not as someone in honour and bona fide. As stated I have made
new lives in the Caribbean and here in Argentina. But only while justice is
delayed back home in Wales. But that delay is now decades. DECADES !! It's
absolute insanity.

Please report !!
Investigate.


Regards,

Sion Buckler
02031377118
