Sir,

I'm ex British forces. I now run my own security group. I finished 22
years in Oath last year under (my last employer);  the Welsh
Government, in 2024. I left my military career in cyber & electronic
warfare with honours (as an acting sergeant) before that. I've done
guard commander, I'm a trained fire fighter, had powers of arrest etc
etc - you know our types. I was awarded life membership to the Royal
Signals in 2017 too. See attached.

In between my military career and my last employer, before running my
security group company full time, I spent some years in exile overseas
myself before being exonerated. Corrupt police and teachers tried to
frame me and cover up child abduction/ abuse in a civil conspitacy.
Exile wasn't all bad for me, as I missed Brexit and the pandemic and
met my now wife and started a new family.

I recently caught wind of one Mr Martin Morgan - who I understand you
have in your custody. The man appears to have been raped in police
custody or prison in 2018, by a group of officers. I have the cell
video of the incident - I have no doubt of his claim. And he appears
to be seeking justice via Manchester Courts now, who appear to be
delaying justice. It's a rat ship.

Martin was taken into Norfolk police custody last week. He appears to
be struggling to cope - As any reasonable person would after being
raped in police custody and after years of justice delayed. But I
would go further and not rule out the possibility that his life and
quest for justice is being actively interfered with by bad actors,
perhaps in the UK State, perhaps in relation to his quest for justice
about being raped. I interviewed Oakes who called you to arrest
Morgan, so I have specifics that corroborate my suspicion.

I believe micro dosing (war without death i.e. subdue the enemy) is in
the UK Government's arsenal and history when defending itself, even
form accountablity of its own malfeasance. There's also a provision in
law for use of powers by GCHQ for such scenarios, to quel unrest
without international human rights laws coming into effect. It's a
thin line between a war crime and governance of masses I understand.
But I have witness testimony that corroborates my suspicion. Martin
may be the victim of hybrid chemical warfare.

I stress and raise this concern, as a bonafide military warfare,
certified & experienced commander & leader (expert in many regards too
i.e. chemical, electronic and other forms of warfare). I'm also
Director of an international Private Security Group. And I know too
well the lengths bad actors in the British Establishment will go to,
both serving in and out of uniform for the State. And in my person and
professional life, in various officer roles, over the decades, outside
of my life as a Public Servant.

I called Norfolk police last week after Martins arrest and
interviewing Oakes, the man who called you to arrest him. Your station
receiptionist wouldn't let me leave my contact number for Martin. You
receiption lady didn't take my name. Give her name. Take Martins name.
She asked for other specifics though, which I found at the least, odd
and unprofessional for a public facing reception. She also expressly
would not assure me he won't be raped while in custody this time. Very
strange lady.

I'll say this plainly;

Martin Morgan is an indigenous Briton. On his ancestral birthland. My
countryman. Like me. He is an asset to my Security Group. We need
Martin alive and focused for an intellectual property deal. I already
received 8 patents from Google and Martin holds classified information
vital to infrigement on this patent purchase agreement with Google.
I'm asserting a boundary here. Against trespass occuring upon Martins
basic human rights and this intelligence asset to my security group;
DATRO Consortium Ltd (in UK). Martin is a business prospect and
opportunity to my organisation - not formal business associate as yet.

I've already had to sue the MOD and British Establishment before, with
Gilbert Blades law firm. And won. Whist serving at 14th Signal
Regiment - Cyber & Electronic Warfare. I've honestly dealt a lot with
corrupt police, politicians and soldiers over the years. Martin's
newer to this. He doesn't have close protection officers like I do. If
there's one thing I cannot stand is bad actors, bullies and
corruption. I already fly in and out of British Isles like its another
tour of the middle east due to all the hybrid warfare. I also referred
this case to Gilberts law firm last week and instructed them to handle
and bill my company. Fortunately for some they don't handle criminal
law - but others I've spoken to do and will assist.

Must I escalate the matter higher and start submitting public records
FOI requests?

There needs to be regulatory oversight on the case of Martin Morgan.
He appears to be the subject of a wicked game. You hold a valuable
man's future in its hands. It would be nice if Martin were permitted
to move forward from his entanglement with the UK State. Just be
finished with him already and let him go on his way. In my estimation
now, he's tantamount to a hostage and prisoner of war. Like those SAS
soldiers we broke out of the Iraq prison. But Marin's not a masachrist
submissive - he's clearly not enjoying the UK State trying to nest in
his anus. Always having to fend of the hemroid attacks on him. These
acts by the rogue bad actors and civil conspirators in the UK State,
where it concerns this gentleman, is alien to our motto in the Royal
Signals; Swift & Sure.
Just be done with him and stop playing cruel games with him and his
life. Where possible. Repsectfuly.

I'm answerable to tens of Royal Signals and British Armed Forces
investors, who's life savings are in these intellectual property deals
between witnesses and intelligence assets like Martin, his enterauge
and larger corporations internationally (in a fully transparent
commercial sense). It's near impossible to deal with Martin while his
focus is elsewhere, dealing with all this trespass occuring upon him
to foil his chances of justice. I am trying to get to the source of
the problem here. And in my estimation it's not Martin.

Must I extract him off that island to one of our protectorates
overseas, just to be able to have a focused business meeting with him?
He can't function under possible hybrid warfare war crimes, human
rights violations & duress. This is my proposed remedy.
Call me, let's put him on a plane out of there, so we can get to state
sponsired rapists, before they silence this witness; 02031377118

I'll pay the flight. It's in my budget to fly him off that island if
necessary. To say Patagonia, Argentina; A Welsh settlement - set up
specifically after the British establishment was described as being a
"Decapitation Committee". Which the UK State is well and truly living
up to it would seem. Please do not be part of the problem of hybrid
warfare war crimes and civil conspiracy occuring here. Be part of the
solution.

Regards,

Sion Buckler
Company Director
DATRO Consortium Ltd
ceo.datro.xyz
02031377118
