Just learnt of a crazy situation where I either still own a property back
here or I maybe eligible to resume ownership due to some administrative
mishaps made by my old mortgage company.

 I lost this property in 2011 because I had arrears on it, which I actually
did pay, but the mortgage company then wanted a few grand in fees too,
which I felt was unlawful, so I only agreed to pay 2/3rds of their fees.
What they did instead of accepting, was refund my arrears, took possession,
sold it at auction then chased me for the shortfall. I argued this and won.

So the mortgage company were forced to pay the shortfall and my mortgage
final statement came through as settled and closed with a £0 balance. But
the sale at auction may have been reversed due to them obtaining this
property from me unlawfully. The ombudsman also forced them to compensate
my gran for trying to unlawfully place a lien on her property as my
guarantor, even though she wasn't. The whole thing was insanely unjust and
the mortgage company ended up stop lending, perhaps due to the level of
their criminality and loss of some licence or something. Who knows.

So it's possible the property remained in my possession, with the arrears
wavered. Then the shortfall settled. Followed by the outstanding balance
(originally settled by the auction buyer) eventually settled too, as part
of the mortgage companies liquidation.

Weirdly, I owned this property since 2006 yet my name is not on this
property on my credit file or land register, which is very suspect. So it
appears they fiddled public records too, to systematically and unlawfully
take this property from me for a second time.

So I've got all the evidence together and filed for an investigation to the
serious frauds office. Either I get my name reinstated onto public record
as the rightful owner, or I can re-purchase the property and get the
originally mortgage company (who are now lending again) to be my lender in
an out of court settlement so they avoid me pursuing them with a criminal
claim.

In any case, I've been by the house. It's been maintained, but hasn't
changed since I owned it and doesn't seem to have been occupied either.
Perhaps because the new "owners" backed off it when I won my appeal,
thinking I'd re-take possession of it. But when I won the case against them
in 2012 I wasn't aware I could go and occupy my house again. I just
presumed I escaped paying the arrears (which they refunded) and the
shortfall from the auction after they repossess it.

I won't just go and re-enter and occupy the property, but I maybe within my
right. I'll wait for the advice from the serious frauds office. But it's a
crazy cool situation in either case. Since there's a strong likelihood I
could have my first ever house I bought, back in my possession.


Hywel
