







Dear Sion Buckler

FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000/ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION REGULATIONS 2004 - INFORMATION REQUEST

Thank you for your request for information about: Great House Farm, Williams/ Buckler Family, Llandough, Vale of Glamorgan

Your request was received on 20/05/2026 and is being considered under the terms of the Freedom of Information Act 2000 and the Environmental Information Regulations 2004. Your query has been given the reference 00210772.

In some circumstances a fee may be payable and if that is the case we will let you know. A fees notice will be issued to you, and you will be required to pay before we will proceed to deal with your request.




You should receive the information requested within 20 working days unless the Council does not hold the information or there is a reason for it to be withheld. We will write to you in any event.

If you have any requirements regarding the format any information should be supplied in, e.g. the language to be used, audio, large print and so on, then if you have not already done so please let us know. 

If you have any queries or concerns then please do not hesitate to contact us. Please remember to quote the reference number above in any future communications.



Further information about your rights is also available from the Information
Commissioner at:


Information Commissioner's Office - Wales

Second Floor, Churchill House

Churchill Way,

Cardiff

CF10 2HH

029 20678400 

wales@ico.org.uk 



Yours sincerely,











Information Governance Officer/ Swyddog Llywodraethu Gwybodaeth

Director's Office - Resources / Swyddfa'r Cyfarwyddwr - Adnoddau

Vale of Glamorgan Council / Cyngor Bro Morgannwg

tel / ffôn: 01446 700111

e-mail / e-bost: foiunit@valeofglamorgan.gov.uk or dpo@valeofglamorgan.gov.uk

 

Consider the environment. Please don't print this e-mail unless you really need to.

Ystyriwch yr amgylchedd. Peidiwch ag argraffu'r neges hon oni bai fod gwir angen.

 

Visit our Website at www.valeofglamorgan.gov.uk

Ewch i'n gwefan yn www.bromorgannwg.gov.uk

 

Find us on Facebook / Cewch ddod o hyd i ni ar Facebook

Follow us on Twitter /Dilynwch ni ar Twitter

 

Correspondence is welcomed in Welsh or English / Croesewir Gohebiaeth yn y Gymraeg neu yn Saesneg. 