---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: hywel apbuckler <hywelapbuckler@gmail.com>
Date: Sat, Apr 9, 2016 at 4:18 AM
Subject: Child Abuse Cover Up
To: CommissionersMcMul|an@met.polìce.uk


Sirs,

My ex Army friend and I planned to introduce our new children on the 15th
Nov 2013 at Laundry Cottage, Stockeld Park, Wetherby. We're both still in
Oath (Army reservists)

My child's mother was being the usual loon having just has a child and
wouldn't let us introduce our children in the weird mood she was in about a
letter we sent the registar (conditionally accepting the invitation). So we
decided to leave her and my son and go an get some food in Harrogate.

When I went to see her off I caught her violently gripping our child to
vent her anger. I was tempted to snatch my 36 day old boy from her since
this wasn't the first time I was concerned about my son. But she stopped
what she was doing as soon as I caught her so I let it go and said we'd
talk about what had happened upon my return.

When I returned an hour or two later she'd driven off into the night with
our son, locked me out, stole our money and I have never seen my son since.
What has followed has been incredible.

My son was drugged and registered without my consent. I discovered they
secretly flew him out the country, got video evidence of her and her father
(who are suspected of being incestuous) performing rituals on my son. All
the while they tried corrupting, framing, discrediting, alienating,
baiting, aggravating and kidnapping and silencing me.

And Judges and Lawyers and Police and even military (intervention in a
civilian domestic affair) have assisted this corrupt family of teachers
(and military). I am outraged. Protocol says I renounce citizenship from
the 1801 UK 'Society' and join/ form a new British Society and take back
our country. Which I'm half tempted to do because the UK 'Society' seems to
have surpassed becoming a regime. It now closer resembles an evil,
tyrannical, nationwide cult.

My child's life was endangered in their efforts to bait and frame me. They
still have him. They illegally evicted me and my abducted, missing son from
our home to try to ostracize me. My boy's inherent and inalienable rights
and freedoms are still in violation and have been for over two years.
NOBODY has helped. The only effort has been to kidnap and silence me. With
threats, suprise kidnap attempts, helicopters, phone call threats (by
police), ransoms (WHICH IS COMPLETE EXTORTION OF MY ABDUCTED MISSING CHILD)

I demand someone tell me for the 2ND YEAR where and how my abducted missing
child is. What we are being subjected to is inhumane, unlawful, highly
unconstitutional and in my view pure evil. We do not consent to what we are
STILL being subjected to. I will not be silent about it, part of it or
accepting of these crimes against children and democracy. My son and I
remain under duress and have been under duress since his abduction and my
ostracisation (forced separation) TO COVER UP HIS MOTHER AND GRANDFATHER
RITUALISTICALLY ABUSING AND GROOMING HIM since the 15th Nov 2013.

My abducted child's rights to inherit his fathers beliefs language and
culture are in violation FOR THE 2ND SUCCESSIVE YEAR as is my Section 29
Magna Carta Right (not to be stripped of everything I own without the
judgement of my peers e.g. a lawful hearing and judgement of any claims
being made against me by my child's abductors, captors, abusers,
exploiters, enslaves)  The censorship of the material and evidence I've
posted on line is insane as it violated my right to free speech. I have not
been properly invited to any judgement of false allegations made against
me, which have been forged by attempted kidnap and document fraud.

I have incurred costs of half a million SO FAR in private military security
contractors and moving safe house to safe house with the help of two 3-time
decorated gulf war vets who came to my rescue including Leon Allen (former
RAF Police) and Lieut Col  Curtis Van Sant (US Marine) and Sgt in Miami
Police and professor of criminal psychology Miami Dade.

I will not enter into contract or pay a fee to have my stolen child, house,
money, home, car or belongs returned. I demand they be returned to my home,
I demand the remaining 6 months of my tenancy agreement with Stockeld Park
be obligated and I demand safe passage back to my home and child. I demand
my abducted, hidden, abused, groomed, renamed /hidden, forced-fatherless,
exploited, abused, endangered, enslaved child have his unlawful citizenship
to the 1801 UK 'Society' renounced prior to his return. The conditions of
my letter to the registra have not been met.

Until such time I will continue forming a new act of union, new British
Society in the even I will need to reclaim my country, child, home,
property and car with Armed Force and Allodial Title.

Hywel ApBuckler
Concerned Father
http://missingmilo.lockernerd.co.uk
skype: hywel.buckler
