I have a wild story for you.

I was working in cyber and electronic warfare in the military as an acting
sergeant in 2007. I left to start a security group. I was voted the top
hacker in British Defence in 2005. I got head hunted a lot.

I'm from Llandough near Cardiff. But I was living in Stockeld Park in Leeds
with my son and his mum in 2013. I discovered his mum and family were in a
cult. So I tried whisleblowing and the state tried to kidnap and silence
me. This included 3 lots of police, 5 military and a helicopter sent to the
ip address they traced me to.

But I'm a military warfare professional so I escaped and evaded capture. I
eventually ended up on a caribbean island in exile. All the way until 2022
when I was exhonourated and returned. It wasn't the state who confirmed
what I was saying was true about these Epstein Class types and grooming
scandals in UK, they were the ones working to bury it and cover it up.

So I worked back under the welsh Govenrment/ Vale Council 2022 to 2024.
Then moved to the Welsh Settlement here in argentina. So I left my military
career with honours and finished my 22 in Oath and I'm bonafide. But my son
is still abducted and missing/ hidden, if he's even still alive. They all
just go silent about that when I query it, having failed to kidnap and
silence me.

But more interestingly is another matter I've been investigating now I have
such little trust for the British State and that I'm not alone in Wales
quest to decolonise. The other matter is my families century long battle
with BP over farm land we had in Llandough since 1667.

I recently got some ITV surpessed footage declassified. It shows my mum on
TV (and old best friends mum as the news Anchor Nichola Haywood Thomas). It
seems to show and imply SAS were used to dispossess us of our farm. This
follows a lot of proceedural unfairness, fraud, court "mistakes". And so I
have dug and dug into the backstory of landmark legal case BP vs Buckler
1987.

https://youtu.be/4GXmR7mAas0?feature=shared

It transpires my family aquired the virtual freehold (999 year lease) in
1667. And by the mid to late 1800's / early 1900's we had obtained the
manorial fee simple absolute title from Bute Estate. My nan maintained this
until her death in 1982. Despite a 1978 article stating it being supressed.
And despite her paper title being stolen and sold to BP. And despite
countless attempts by courts to block her in 1974 from receiving a ruling
she owned the land. And so on and so on.

They not only spent decades trying to make out we were tenants with our
stolen title. They reported us as squatters, while suppressing the fact we
owned it and had lived there since 1667. So that they could evict us with
armed force. All so BP could build houses. They also supressed the
archelogical and historic significants of the site.

Marconi stayed with us while inventing radio. This is still surpessed. They
also suppressed our report of discovering a roman soldier under our floor
in 1870. And CADW didn't list our 800 year old farmhouse as a grade II
building like they should have, resulting in it being demolished.

So my family and I are the rightful heirs of this claim to Manor of
Llandough and the British State , even unto this day are still doing
everything to bury their crimes against me and my family. Like my nan
conveniently died in the week window she had to challenge BP registering
our land in their name at the land registry in 1982. My dads appeal of the
87 ruling was dismissed and his ECHR blocked and he died age just 42 in
1991 too. And back when the title was stolen my grandad Fredrick Buckler
died right before BP purchased our stolen title from Western Ground Rents ,
so was unable to rebuttle the story that he was the one who stole my nan's
title and pawned it to Western Ground Rents. Which even if true, doesn't
make her stolen title their lawful possession. And even if it did, doesn't
mean her ancestral multi centurial occupation doesn't count. So the way
they got around that was to issue a license for my nan to live there until
she dies, but falsly named her Mrs Buckler on those licenses. A legal name
they created which didnt have the family name and claim to the land my nans
actual name (Mrs Williams) had.

I am putting together a website using A.I to consolidate all the evidence
and timeline narration and storyline now.

https://bpvsbuckler.datro.xyz

I have put most departments in Wales on notice and called for a public
enquiry and investigation. But there is such a push back to dismiss this
and keep it buried and hidden from the public. I am horrified at how this
is being handled. The Llandough Councillor and MP won't even respond. Land
registry converted my query into a complaint only to close it as resolved
without properly addressing it. Its clear Thatcher gave them a pass to
ignore proper checks , while my nan was murdered to prevent her challenging
BP's registration of our land in their names. While BP commited purgergy
and withheld info from the Land Registry to get their application in,
unchallenged.

I am looking for all support I can for this. My family are terrified into
silence and have been for decades.

My brother is the rightful Lord of Manor of Llandough and in exile in
Ireland. I was exiled over another matter. I have two sisters too who would
be the rightful Lady's of Manor of Llandough. My mum and aunties and
cousins are all still alive and gave me testemony. But we're all scattered
to the wind. And our land is illegally occupied by the British State.

There's gaps in the Bute records showing their did not hold title when we
claim to have. We have been erased from record. There is also photo
evidence of a tree planting ceremony when we aquired the absolute title.
And the way in which we aquired it, from a deal with Bute quarryman Daniel
Thomas, who awarded us the title in exchange for our permission to quarry
our farm, all stands to reason. Not withstanding my nan Mary Williams
maintained our superior land claim until her death in 1982 age 65.

There was hundreds of child graves also moved from the church in Llandough
in 1994. Which was not only not reported on at the time, but the report
took 10 years to release and still under reports the number of child graves
by hundreds. Llandough not only refuses to celebrate radio was invented
there by Marconi, but refuses to acknowledge marconi or my families
existence there. Which is natural of illegal occupiers not wanting
questions to be asked. But more so the radio statute in Cardiff Bay has had
the name Marconi removed from it as he was right wing politically. Cardiff
council openly admit this.

The roman burials exhivated from under our farm, along with all the
artifacts looted, which are now in museums, was wales biggest discover and
dig in history, but they pretended to not know until after dispossessing us
and getting planning permission to develop houses. But this was theatrics
and untrue. They knew all along they wouldn't get permission to build
houses if it was known how significant the site was to Welsh History so
they supresssed the info. More than this BP only ever saught possession of
our farm with our stolen title and never a ruling they owned it, because
that would have meant discovery which would have unveiled the archelogical
and historic significants and prevented planning. And they lied to the
planning department saying our 800 year old 10 bedroom former court house
home was old sheds and delapidated buildings to demolish.

I really hope to get narrative justice for my family. And public support.
Because the British State occupying and ruling is not happy I unravelled
the fraud here and is obstructive. But I also fear they are again, like
with the case of me exposing the Epstein Class and spending 8 years in
exile already, I fear they are again trying to get to me before I expose
them. In the 6 months I waited for the Ministry of Justice to reply, only
for their to dismiss me, I got asked by companies house for ID, but my
valid passport and driving licence is supposedly no good and I should go to
a post office or download their digital ID tracking app. I don't find this
suspicious. Then they alledged their website got hacked as if to imply it
was me.

My family notably challenged BP and the British State the last century, but
without force, stealth/ secrecy or license. Whereas they wage war on us
with force, strikes from the shadows and fraudulent licence. I just want
this to all be handled in the public eye so it doesn't get more cloak and
dagger, clandestine and hybrid warfare. The councillor in 1988 already
raised concerned someone would get killed before my dad died. I'm not
fearful for my life as I'm warfare professional and proved myself difficult
for the Brit'ish State to capture and kill already. But I have them dead to
rights again and unlike the Epstein Class fights, I don't want this battle
to be fought in the shadows.

Everyone should care because this is likely a class action. This
dispossesion and death by a thousand cuts thereafter to try to cover up
their crime, likely has happened to all our families nationwide in the
past. But there's no limitation on the fraud from when it occured. The
clock for the statute of limitation begins from discovery of the fraud and
I've only just discovered all their fraud.

So I'm wondering who else nationwide might feel they've been dispossessed
of their land and home through lawfare. I have teams of lawyers and I will
gladly make my case a class action.

Regards,

Sion Buckler Esq. (Ret'd Sergeant)
Executor of Manor of Llandough,
Vale of Glamorgan, Wales
