Sirs,

In 2006 I took out a 109k GBP mortgage on the property (address 40 Lombard
Street, Barry).
The mortgage was with Manchester Building Society (MBS).
In 2011/12 I had arrears, which I paid. To the tune of 7K GBP.
But MBS also wanted 3.5k in fees for the admin/ reminder letters etc.
I said I would pay 2k GBP, but I felt 3.5k GBP was unreasonable.

Instead of being reasonable, MBS decided to abruptly return my arrears to
my bank and took possession of my home.
They did not say in their application to the courts that it was a human
rights issue (to take my home and make me homeless).
This I[m told was intentional in order the case get processed by the wrong
type of court e.g. a court that was favourable to them and not a court
where my inherent and inalienable rights as a British Subject are a factor
to be considered.
Furthermore MBS attempted to place a charge on my grandmothers property
and/or get her to remortgage with them, in order she pay the shortfall from
the auction. Fortunately the ombudsman defended my grandmother and made MBS
pay my grandmother 1k GBP in damaged for the alarm and distress they caused
her.

In recent years I did receive a final statement from MBS, which gives some
indication of the timeline. I also take this opportunity to add that a
contributing factor to why I was in arrears in the first place was because
I was not granted a payment holiday when required, which I'm sure was
actually a term of the mortgage, which MBS failed to honour.

Upon requesting a land registry record for the property today I discovered
I'm not even recorded as being on the property at all. Despite owning it
between 2006 and 2012. I also have a detailed credit report, which does not
show me having had that property either.

I believe serious fraud has occurred upon my person. And if this was the
case, I'm wondering what my options are to clear all this up so that I may
take out a  new mortgage and become a homeowner again.

Kind Regards,

Sion Buckler
