Hi,

Just a quick email.
Something I thought your museum might be interested to know.

I'm ex Signals.
I discovered Marconi was staying with my family at the 800 year old family
farm I grew up in Wales. Including when he invented and got radio working.

My great grandad would take him and his equipment by horse and cart to
Lavenock Point, Penarth to do his broadcasts.

My family had our farm stolen from us and it was bulldozed down. (Legal
case BP Vs buckler 1987). I recently discovered it was lawfare and I am
eligible to sue under the fraud and concealment clause in the statute of
limitation.

CADW also looked away in the late 80's when this historical building was
unlawfully possessed and demolished. And to this day the town councillor
and parish have no desire to celebrate that radio was invented in my old
home and town. And I couldn't make sense of any of this.

But recently there was a radio statute errected in Cardiff. But Cardiff
city council refused to place a plaque dedicated to Marconi. And in that
case they commented explaining why. Stating it's because Marconi was far
right and antisemitic.

So it appears I may have gotten to the bottom of what happened in my
families case. I believe my family helped Marconi 100 years ago. And we got
buried along with our farm because of this. So that history could be
re-written.

23 houses now stand on our stolen farmland (Church view Close, Llandough).

I've done a load of FOI and I've saught legal advice to reopen the case to
seek damages from BP and the British Establishment.

I thought you should know.

My companies business advisor is Thomas Power. His wife Penny holds an OBE.
She was actually involved with Royal Signals Blandford some years ago.

Seeing as how the Corps was founded on Marconi's radio work I hope I can
get this word out and support. I don't know how liberal left the regiment
is, but this is a travisty regardless of anyone's political persuasion.

Im actually at the welsh Settlement in Argentina, seeking to rebuild a
replica of my families farm here.

Thanks for your time reading this,

Regards,

Sion Buckler
02031377118
07845933262
