Good Morning

Thank you for your further email,

Could I make you aware this is the Veterans Mental Health Service and this email is intended for new referrals only, can I confirm if you are wishing to submit a referral to OP Courage?

Thank you

Sarah Dutton
OP Courage Pathway Co-ordinator

OpCourage North
The Veterans Mental Health and Wellbeing Service
Marsden
Monkwearmouth Hospital
Newcastle Road
Sunderland
SR5 1NB
Telephone:  03003733332
[cid:image001.jpg@01DC69BB.A00E12F0]

[Veterans Covenant Healthcare Alliance – Veterans Covenant Healthcare  Alliance]

[cid:image003.jpg@01DC69BB.A00E12F0]


[cid:image004.png@01DC69BB.A00E12F0]
[A screenshot of a computer  Description automatically generated][A screenshot of a computer  Description automatically generated]

From: Sion Buckler <hywelapbuckler@gmail.com<mailto:hywelapbuckler@gmail.com>>
Sent: 10 December 2025 00:20
To: CCR NC Digital Contact <Digital.Contact@norfolk.police.uk<mailto:Digital.Contact@norfolk.police.uk>>
Subject: Martin Morgans Damnation Committee


CAUTION: This email originated from outside of the organisation. Do not click links or open attachments unless you recognise the sender and know the content is safe.
It's been brought to my attention you're now all scheming & attempting to section Martin?
Allow me to retort.

I must not have been clear that I just finished 22 Years in Oath (2002-2024), served in war and a career in military warfare etc. That clearly means absolutely nothing to anyone these days. I'm also a certified and experienced military commander & leader. And I ate 8 years in self elected exile, between leaving my career (with honours) and working under the Welsh Government in 2022+ , marooned on a Caribbean island, in order to get to and expose corrupt arms of the UK Government and bad actors, without them being able to get to me. But clearly merits, saving and preserving lives, aren't in the UK's vocabulary anymore.

Destroy, destroy, destroy is 2025 UK. But there's a lot of oversight on your parts.

You do understand you didn't get Martin? Ego is not your amigo. You're not heroes. He was fed to you. Wrapped in a bow. You're doing with him as you're being ordered. I'm a counter officer. This means I counter an officer in your high command. I just challenge the orders you're getting. Not to interfere with your ongoing investigation and processing, but to stand up to tyranny. To call it out. To fight it. David Cameron actually responded to my report from Dubai in 2012 when I single handedly stopped the EU from entering our UK Government into an unlawful, unconstitutional international treaty. When our PM pulled the UK out, all other Nations States withdrew. The White house technology advisor went on TV saying I "hijacked the debate and caused consternation in the room".

Martin chose to reject my offer of extraction prior to his "out of character outburst" and arrest Friday. That was his decision. Interestingly he decided to remain near and with his children. This is the kind of man Martin is. Principle and character. I have this call recording. He cannot be bought, medicated or handled as your arsenal limits you to doing to him. And you cannot allege plausible deniability after I forewarned you of the liability you will bear, if you proceed. This is a coordinated and pre-emptive civil conspiracy you are involved in against Martin Morgan. Martin has done what any normal, responsible person would do in his circumstance - which I remind you is a legal precedence. As affirmed by a recent FOI response I got from the UK Cabinet Office.

You're doing everything Martin's adversaries wanted you to. You do not get to play human whack-a-mole with impunity like this. Did the reasonable doubt I provided, as an expert in my field, even make it into discussion? Martin's perpetrators and now a lot of you (negligent, incompetent, breach of the good samaritan act etc) are doing everything myself and my security group expected you would. I left my message for MI5 yesterday. I am now compiling my report and evidence of this whole matter.

After Martin chose to stay in this line of fire, refusing extraction, I tried to mentally prepare him for what you're now doing and about to do to him. Like a military Chaplain would. I also have evidence of this. You and what you're doing is all so highly predictable. I war played this whole situation out months ago. You do not operate under any rule of law - you're chaos.

This is a huge systemic failure.

While you doubt what I say even occurred Friday, and refuse to even investigate, I evidently pre-empted it and contingency planned against it. Or else I wouldn't have offered extraction for Martin. Who is by all accounts now your Prisoner of War and hostage. Nor would I have prepared him for what you appear to be instructed to do with him next. I suspect even now, you'll still all go ahead and execute his soul. Knowing there's no prosthetic for it. Is there any cognitive function in your machine minds anymore? I don't see check balances in this system. No pause for thought. You're literally all being completely agentic like a cult. It's both beautiful from the perspective of systems architecture (I designed the entire network for Kandahar Airbase)...  but it's absolutely terrifying that so many of you can march to a single puppeteer's tune.

I'll reiterate why I'm currently at the Welsh Settlement in Argentina. And why I offered to fly Martin here. It's because in 1876 this settlement's Welsh founder, Michael Jones, coined the phrase "decapitation committee" - for what spread throughout (and is now synonymous with) the British Establishment. Thank you for re-affirming Michael Jones' stark warning.

I've catalogued names and hereby codenamed this arm of the UK Government; Martin Morgan's Damnation committee.
There's a limited window to not be labelled a member of Martin Morgan's Damnation committee, before it's sincerely too late.
Consider your role in this regime and this man's case. Consult your God. I believe this case may matter a lot more than you can fathom at this moment.

Regards,

Sion Hywel Buckler
Founder & CEO
DATRO Security Group
DATRO Consortium Ltd
02031377118
https://datro.xyz
The information contained in this e-mail may be subject to public disclosure under the NHS Code of Openness or the Freedom of Information Act 2000. Unless the information is legally exempt, the confidentiality of this e-mail and your reply cannot be guaranteed. Unless expressly stated otherwise, the information contained in this e-mail is intended for the named recipient(s) only. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy, distribute, or take any action or reliance upon it. If you have received this e-mail in error or there is information within the e-mail that you do not feel you should have been sent, please notify the sender. Any unauthorised disclosure of the information contained in this e-mail is strictly prohibited. ---
