OFFICIAL

OFFICIAL
OUR REF: 1087051

Dear Sir,

Thank you for your email to the National Crime Agency.

The NCA is not a crime reporting agency and unfortunately would be unable to assist. If you have been a victim of crime you should report this to your local police station who will then take any necessary action.  You can do this in person at the nearest police station or by calling 101.

Kind regards
Duty Officer (LR)
NCA Control Centre
communication@nca.x.gsi.gov.uk<mailto:communication@nca.x.gsi.gov.uk>
www.nationalcrimeagency.gov.uk<blocked::file://www.nationalcrimeagency.gov.uk/>



From: hywel apbuckler [mailto:hywelapbuckler@gmail.com]
Sent: 09 April 2016 08:21
To: alanroyt@gmail.com
Cc: Oliver.Shaw@apccs.pnn.police.uk; Communication; hief@westmercia.pnn.police.uk
Subject: Fwd: Child Abuse Cover Up


---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: hywel apbuckler <hywelapbuckler@gmail.com<mailto:hywelapbuckler@gmail.com>>
Date: Sat, Apr 9, 2016 at 4:18 AM
Subject: Child Abuse Cover Up
To: CommissionersMcMul|an@met.polìce.uk<mailto:an@met.pol%C3%ACce.uk>
Sirs,

My ex Army friend and I planned to introduce our new children on the 15th Nov 2013 at Laundry Cottage, Stockeld Park, Wetherby. We're both still in Oath (Army reservists)

My child's mother was being the usual loon having just has a child and wouldn't let us introduce our children in the weird mood she was in about a letter we sent the registar (conditionally accepting the invitation). So we decided to leave her and my son and go an get some food in Harrogate.

When I went to see her off I caught her violently gripping our child to vent her anger. I was tempted to snatch my 36 day old boy from her since this wasn't the first time I was concerned about my son. But she stopped what she was doing as soon as I caught her so I let it go and said we'd talk about what had happened upon my return.

When I returned an hour or two later she'd driven off into the night with our son, locked me out, stole our money and I have never seen my son since. What has followed has been incredible.

My son was drugged and registered without my consent. I discovered they secretly flew him out the country, got video evidence of her and her father (who are suspected of being incestuous) performing rituals on my son. All the while they tried corrupting, framing, discrediting, alienating, baiting, aggravating and kidnapping and silencing me.

And Judges and Lawyers and Police and even military (intervention in a civilian domestic affair) have assisted this corrupt family of teachers (and military). I am outraged. Protocol says I renounce citizenship from the 1801 UK 'Society' and join/ form a new British Society and take back our country. Which I'm half tempted to do because the UK 'Society' seems to have surpassed becoming a regime. It now closer resembles an evil, tyrannical, nationwide cult.

My child's life was endangered in their efforts to bait and frame me. They still have him. They illegally evicted me and my abducted, missing son from our home to try to ostracize me. My boy's inherent and inalienable rights and freedoms are still in violation and have been for over two years. NOBODY has helped. The only effort has been to kidnap and silence me. With threats, suprise kidnap attempts, helicopters, phone call threats (by police), ransoms (WHICH IS COMPLETE EXTORTION OF MY ABDUCTED MISSING CHILD)

I demand someone tell me for the 2ND YEAR where and how my abducted missing child is. What we are being subjected to is inhumane, unlawful, highly unconstitutional and in my view pure evil. We do not consent to what we are STILL being subjected to. I will not be silent about it, part of it or accepting of these crimes against children and democracy. My son and I remain under duress and have been under duress since his abduction and my ostracisation (forced separation) TO COVER UP HIS MOTHER AND GRANDFATHER RITUALISTICALLY ABUSING AND GROOMING HIM since the 15th Nov 2013.

My abducted child's rights to inherit his fathers beliefs language and culture are in violation FOR THE 2ND SUCCESSIVE YEAR as is my Section 29 Magna Carta Right (not to be stripped of everything I own without the judgement of my peers e.g. a lawful hearing and judgement of any claims being made against me by my child's abductors, captors, abusers, exploiters, enslaves)  The censorship of the material and evidence I've posted on line is insane as it violated my right to free speech. I have not been properly invited to any judgement of false allegations made against me, which have been forged by attempted kidnap and document fraud.

I have incurred costs of half a million SO FAR in private military security contractors and moving safe house to safe house with the help of two 3-time decorated gulf war vets who came to my rescue including Leon Allen (former RAF Police) and Lieut Col  Curtis Van Sant (US Marine) and Sgt in Miami Police and professor of criminal psychology Miami Dade.

I will not enter into contract or pay a fee to have my stolen child, house, money, home, car or belongs returned. I demand they be returned to my home, I demand the remaining 6 months of my tenancy agreement with Stockeld Park be obligated and I demand safe passage back to my home and child. I demand my abducted, hidden, abused, groomed, renamed /hidden, forced-fatherless, exploited, abused, endangered, enslaved child have his unlawful citizenship to the 1801 UK 'Society' renounced prior to his return. The conditions of my letter to the registra have not been met.

Until such time I will continue forming a new act of union, new British Society in the even I will need to reclaim my country, child, home, property and car with Armed Force and Allodial Title.

Hywel ApBuckler
Concerned Father
http://missingmilo.lockernerd.co.uk
skype: hywel.buckler


This email was scanned by the Government Secure Intranet anti-virus service supplied by Vodafone in partnership with Symantec. (CCTM Certificate Number 2009/09/0052.) In case of problems, please call your organisations IT Helpdesk.
Communications via the GSi may be automatically logged, monitored and/or recorded for legal purposes.

All E-Mail sent and received by NCA is scanned and subject to assessment. Messages sent or received by NCA staff are not private and may be the subject of lawful business monitoring. E-Mail may be passed at any time and without notice to an appropriate branch within NCA, on authority from the Director General or his Deputy for analysis. This E-Mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender as soon as possible.



This information is supplied in confidence by NCA, and is exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act 2000. It may also be subject to exemption under other UK legislation. Onward disclosure may be unlawful, for example, under the Data Protection Act 1998. Requests for disclosure to the public must be referred to the NCA FOI single point of contact, by email on PICUEnquiries@nca.x.gsi.gov.uk or by telephoning 0870 268 8677.

All E-Mail sent and received by NCA is scanned and subject to assessment. Messages sent or received by NCA staff are not private and may be the subject of lawful business monitoring.  E-Mail may be passed at any time and without notice to an appropriate branch within NCA, on authority from the Director General or his Deputy for analysis. This E-Mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender as soon as possible.


The original of this email was scanned for viruses by the Government Secure Intranet virus scanning service supplied by Vodafone in partnership with Symantec. (CCTM Certificate Number 2009/09/0052.) This email has been certified virus free.
Communications via the GSi may be automatically logged, monitored and/or recorded for legal purposes.
