Hello Sion,

Thank you for your email.

Could you please confirm what your expectations are from OpCourage?

Thanks,

OpCourage North
The Veterans Mental Health and Wellbeing Service
Marsden
Monkwearmouth Hospital
Newcastle Road
Sunderland
SR5 1NB
Telephone:  03003733332

[cid:image001.jpg@01DC6822.5DA82670]

[Veterans Covenant Healthcare Alliance – Veterans Covenant Healthcare  Alliance]

[cid:image003.jpg@01DC6822.5DA82670]


[cid:image004.png@01DC6822.5DA82670]
[A screenshot of a computer  Description automatically generated][A screenshot of a computer  Description automatically generated]


From: Sion Buckler <hywelapbuckler@gmail.com<mailto:hywelapbuckler@gmail.com>>
Sent: 06 December 2025 19:36
To: OpCourageNorth <OpCourageNorth@cntw.nhs.uk<mailto:OpCourageNorth@cntw.nhs.uk>>; jo@samaritans.org<mailto:jo@samaritans.org>
Subject: Ref: Martin Morgan & DATRO: NDA


CAUTION: This email originated from outside of the organisation. Do not click links or open attachments unless you recognise the sender and know the content is safe.

Sirs/Ma'am,

I'm ex British forces. I now run my own security group. I finished 22 years in Oath last year under (my last employer);  the Welsh Government, in 2024. I left my military career in cyber & electronic warfare with honours (as an acting sergeant) before that. I was awarded life membership to the Royal Signals in 2017 too. See attached.

In between my military career and last employer, before running my security group company full time, I spent some years in exile overseas myself before being exhonorated. Which wasn't all bad, as I missed Brexit and the pandemic and met my now wife and started a new family.

I recently caught wind of one Mister Martin Morgan in UK lately. The man appears to have been raped in police custody or prison in 2018, by a group of officers. I have the cell video of the incident. And he appears to be seeking justice via Manchester Courts now, who appear to be delaying justice.

Martin was taken into Norfolk police custody yesterday. He appears to be struggling to cope - As any reasonable person would after being raped in police custody and after years of justice delayed. But I would go further and not rule out the possibility that his life and quest for justice is being actively interfered with by bad actors in the UK State.

I believe micro dosing to subdue the enemy, is in UK Governments arsenal and history when defending itself. There's also a provision in law for use of powers by GCHQ for such scenarios, to quel unrest without international human rights laws coming into effect. It's a thin line between a war crime and governance of masses I understand. But I have witness testimony that corroborates my suspicion. Martin may be the victim of hybrid chemical warfare by the UK State, or bad actors.

I stress and raise this concern, as a bonafide military warfare, certified & experienced commander & leader (expert in many regards too i.e. chemical, electronic and other forms of warfare). I'm also Director of an international Private Security Group. And I know too well the lengths bad actors in the British Establishment will go to, both serving in and out of uniform for the State. And in my person and professional life, in various officer roles, over the decades, outside of my life as a Public Servant.

I called Norfolk police last night. They wouldn't let me leave my contact number for him. They didn't take my name. Give their name. Take his name. They asked for other specifics though, which I found at the least, odd and unprofessional for a public facing reception. They also expressly would not assure me he won't be raped while in custody this time. Very strange lady.

I'll say this plainly;

Martin Morgan is an indigenous Briton.
On his ancestral birthland. My countryman. Like me. He is an asset to my Security Group. We need Martin alive and focused for an intellectual property deal. I already received patents from Google, this is not new to me.
I'm asserting a boundary here. Against trespass. Martin is a business prospect and opportunity, not formal associate, yet.

I've also already sued the MOD and British Establishment before, with Gilbert Blades law firm. And won. Whist serving at 14th Signal Regiment - Cyber & Electronic Warfare. I've honestly dealt a lot with corrupt police, politicians and soldiers over the years. Martin's newer to this. He doesn't have close protection officers like I do. If there's one thing I cannot stand is bad actors, bullies and corruption. I've referred this case and gentleman to Gilberts law firm today too and instructed them to handle and bill my company. Must I escalate the matter higher and start submitting public records FOI requests?

There needs to be regulatory oversight on the case of Martin Morgan. He appears to be the subject of a wicked game. The UK State may hold a valuable man's future in its hands. It would be nice if Martin were permitted to move forward from his entanglement with the UK State. Just be finished with him already and let him go on his way.

In my estimation he's tantamount to a hostage and prisoner of war. But not a masachrist submissive - he's clearly not enjoying the UK State trying to nest in his anus. These acts by the UK State, where it concerns this gentleman, is alien to our motto in the Royal Signals; Swift & Sure.

I can't deal with people who are so busy  dealing with trespass upon them. I am trying to get to the source of the problem here. And in my estimation it's not Martin.

Must I extract him off that island just to be able to have a focused business meeting with him, not under possible hybrid warfare war crimes & duress? This is getting absurd.

But it's in my budget to fly him off that island if necessary. Patagonia, Argentina is a Welsh settlement - set up specifically after the British establishment was described as being a "decapitation committee" in 1876. Seemingly not much has improved on British Isles in the interim.

Regards,

Sion Buckler
Company Director
DATRO Consortium Ltd
02031377118









The information contained in this e-mail may be subject to public disclosure under the NHS Code of Openness or the Freedom of Information Act 2000. Unless the information is legally exempt, the confidentiality of this e-mail and your reply cannot be guaranteed. Unless expressly stated otherwise, the information contained in this e-mail is intended for the named recipient(s) only. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy, distribute, or take any action or reliance upon it. If you have received this e-mail in error or there is information within the e-mail that you do not feel you should have been sent, please notify the sender. Any unauthorised disclosure of the information contained in this e-mail is strictly prohibited. ---
