Good afternoon,



Thank you for your e-mail.



Unfortunately we are a separate organisation to the police and operational matters do not fall under the remit of the Police and Crime Commissioner.



You will need forward your email to Norfolk Constabulary who will be able to assist you on this matter directly. They can be contacted via Contact@norfolk.police.uk<mailto:Contact@norfolk.police.uk> or alternatively, call on 101.



Kind regards


Amanda Dysart (working hours are; 9am-5pm - Monday, Tuesday & Wednesday)
Business Support Officer
Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk

t: 01953 424455 w: www.norfolk-pcc.gov.uk<http://www.norfolk-pcc.gov.uk/>
Follow us on: Twitter<https://twitter.com/norfolkpcc> | Facebook<https://www.facebook.com/norfolkpcc>


     [Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk logo in colour]      [cid:image002.jpg@01DC6862.479282A0] <https://www.whiteribbon.org.uk/>








-----Original Message-----
From: Sion Buckler <hywelapbuckler@gmail.com>
Sent: 08 December 2025 15:14
To: Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk <opccn@norfolk.police.uk>
Subject: FAO: Chief Constable Paul Sanford



[You don't often get email from hywelapbuckler@gmail.com<mailto:hywelapbuckler@gmail.com>. Learn why this is important at https://aka.ms/LearnAboutSenderIdentification ]



CAUTION: This email originated from outside of the organisation.

Do not click links or open attachments unless you recognise the sender and know the content is safe.





Sir,



I'm ex British forces. I now run my own security group. I finished 22 years in Oath last year under (my last employer);  the Welsh Government, in 2024. I left my military career in cyber & electronic warfare with honours (as an acting sergeant) before that. I've done guard commander, I'm a trained fire fighter, had powers of arrest etc etc - you know our types. I was awarded life membership to the Royal Signals in 2017 too. See attached.



In between my military career and my last employer, before running my security group company full time, I spent some years in exile overseas myself before being exonerated. Corrupt police and teachers tried to frame me and cover up child abduction/ abuse in a civil conspitacy.

Exile wasn't all bad for me, as I missed Brexit and the pandemic and met my now wife and started a new family.



I recently caught wind of one Mr Martin Morgan - who I understand you have in your custody. The man appears to have been raped in police custody or prison in 2018, by a group of officers. I have the cell video of the incident - I have no doubt of his claim. And he appears to be seeking justice via Manchester Courts now, who appear to be delaying justice. It's a rat ship.



Martin was taken into Norfolk police custody last week. He appears to be struggling to cope - As any reasonable person would after being raped in police custody and after years of justice delayed. But I would go further and not rule out the possibility that his life and quest for justice is being actively interfered with by bad actors, perhaps in the UK State, perhaps in relation to his quest for justice about being raped. I interviewed Oakes who called you to arrest Morgan, so I have specifics that corroborate my suspicion.



I believe micro dosing (war without death i.e. subdue the enemy) is in the UK Government's arsenal and history when defending itself, even form accountablity of its own malfeasance. There's also a provision in law for use of powers by GCHQ for such scenarios, to quel unrest without international human rights laws coming into effect. It's a thin line between a war crime and governance of masses I understand.

But I have witness testimony that corroborates my suspicion. Martin may be the victim of hybrid chemical warfare.



I stress and raise this concern, as a bonafide military warfare, certified & experienced commander & leader (expert in many regards too i.e. chemical, electronic and other forms of warfare). I'm also Director of an international Private Security Group. And I know too well the lengths bad actors in the British Establishment will go to, both serving in and out of uniform for the State. And in my person and professional life, in various officer roles, over the decades, outside of my life as a Public Servant.



I called Norfolk police last week after Martins arrest and interviewing Oakes, the man who called you to arrest him. Your station receiptionist wouldn't let me leave my contact number for Martin. You receiption lady didn't take my name. Give her name. Take Martins name.

She asked for other specifics though, which I found at the least, odd and unprofessional for a public facing reception. She also expressly would not assure me he won't be raped while in custody this time. Very strange lady.



I'll say this plainly;



Martin Morgan is an indigenous Briton. On his ancestral birthland. My countryman. Like me. He is an asset to my Security Group. We need Martin alive and focused for an intellectual property deal. I already received 8 patents from Google and Martin holds classified information vital to infrigement on this patent purchase agreement with Google.

I'm asserting a boundary here. Against trespass occuring upon Martins basic human rights and this intelligence asset to my security group; DATRO Consortium Ltd (in UK). Martin is a business prospect and opportunity to my organisation - not formal business associate as yet.



I've already had to sue the MOD and British Establishment before, with Gilbert Blades law firm. And won. Whist serving at 14th Signal Regiment - Cyber & Electronic Warfare. I've honestly dealt a lot with corrupt police, politicians and soldiers over the years. Martin's newer to this. He doesn't have close protection officers like I do. If there's one thing I cannot stand is bad actors, bullies and corruption. I already fly in and out of British Isles like its another tour of the middle east due to all the hybrid warfare. I also referred this case to Gilberts law firm last week and instructed them to handle and bill my company. Fortunately for some they don't handle criminal law - but others I've spoken to do and will assist.



Must I escalate the matter higher and start submitting public records FOI requests?



There needs to be regulatory oversight on the case of Martin Morgan.

He appears to be the subject of a wicked game. You hold a valuable man's future in its hands. It would be nice if Martin were permitted to move forward from his entanglement with the UK State. Just be finished with him already and let him go on his way. In my estimation now, he's tantamount to a hostage and prisoner of war. Like those SAS soldiers we broke out of the Iraq prison. But Marin's not a masachrist submissive - he's clearly not enjoying the UK State trying to nest in his anus. Always having to fend of the hemroid attacks on him. These acts by the rogue bad actors and civil conspirators in the UK State, where it concerns this gentleman, is alien to our motto in the Royal Signals; Swift & Sure.

Just be done with him and stop playing cruel games with him and his life. Where possible. Repsectfuly.



I'm answerable to tens of Royal Signals and British Armed Forces investors, who's life savings are in these intellectual property deals between witnesses and intelligence assets like Martin, his enterauge and larger corporations internationally (in a fully transparent commercial sense). It's near impossible to deal with Martin while his focus is elsewhere, dealing with all this trespass occuring upon him to foil his chances of justice. I am trying to get to the source of the problem here. And in my estimation it's not Martin.



Must I extract him off that island to one of our protectorates overseas, just to be able to have a focused business meeting with him?

He can't function under possible hybrid warfare war crimes, human rights violations & duress. This is my proposed remedy.

Call me, let's put him on a plane out of there, so we can get to state sponsired rapists, before they silence this witness; 02031377118



I'll pay the flight. It's in my budget to fly him off that island if necessary. To say Patagonia, Argentina; A Welsh settlement - set up specifically after the British establishment was described as being a "Decapitation Committee". Which the UK State is well and truly living up to it would seem. Please do not be part of the problem of hybrid warfare war crimes and civil conspiracy occuring here. Be part of the solution.



Regards,



Sion Buckler

Company Director

DATRO Consortium Ltd

ceo.datro.xyz

02031377118

This e-mail carries a disclaimer

Go here to view Norfolk Constabulary Disclaimer<https://www.norfolk.police.uk/police-forces/norfolk-constabulary/areas/about-us/about-us/email-disclaimer>

"Email Disclaimer The information contained in this e-mail is intended only for the named person or organisation to which it is addressed. If you have received it in error, please disregard and advise me immediately. Unauthorised disclosure or use of such information may be breach of legislation or confidentiality. E-mails sent and received from staff of the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk may be monitored for purposes including: - Virus scanning, unauthorised e-mail usage and obscene or inappropriate material The Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk reserves the right to read all such material and to reject and return any material which is considered either to be a security risk or unsuitable. Any monitoring will comply with the legislation currently in force and in particular the Human Rights Act 1998. If this e-mail does not relate to Official Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk business, then it will be regarded by the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk as "personal". As such, it will not be authorised by or sent on behalf of the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk and the sender will retain sole responsibility for any legal actions or disputes that may arise."
