Your Holiness,

I respectfully write to bring to your attention the life and legacy of my
late English friend, John Oakes.

John had an accident with a tree falling on him (I have the video). After
which time he said, one one time and briefly, he turned to God who
instructed him to start ccanpeoplesmovement.com

John lived the remaining months of his life dedicated to serving God and
inspiring others to do the same via CCAN, before dying of a heart attack
earlier this year under suspicious circumstances. But his website and the
following and people he brought together is unprecedented.

John was very Robin Hood like, even living from time to time in the woods.
Before turning to God in recent years he was a drug user.

Through this CCAN work, he sought to unite ordinary people in faith,
encouraging them to come together in praise of God under the simple 3
principles; peace, love, and unity.

He also saught to re instate Sheriffs and constitution and inspired many
others to carry the torch he lit and chater he set.

He was not soft with his word, he was no angel before turning to God and
worked as a freelancer with a van fixing roofs this whole time. But anyone
who heard him speak followed him to God. Despite his swearing and riggerous
criticism of the British State. It's beautiful to have seen this and known
him. It's a phenomina for sure.

His efforts brought many individuals together in prayer, fellowship, and
devotion. He worked not for wealth or recognition, but to spread a message
of faith and harmony among people from different backgrounds. Those who
knew him remember his commitment to God, his kindness toward others, and
his desire to strengthen faith within his community.

The impact of his work and the inspiration he provided to others continue
to be remembered. I believe his life and example deserve consideration and
study by the Church.

I humbly ask that the appropriate authorities of the Catholic Church
consider reviewing his life, works, and spiritual legacy to determine
whether further investigation may be warranted.

The CCAN community call him the founding father but don't feel it does
enough justice for the movement he began. Would you consider making John
Oakes a Matyr or Sait?

I'm a former military cyber and electronic warfare professional.  I left my
career with honours in 2007. Marconi also stayed with my family, where I
was born, while inventing radio. My church is Bethesda in Dinas Powys, Vale
of Glamorgan in Wales.

John reported heart pains the morning after testing what I guess was former
public property radar technology, used on zebra crossings. I was on the
video call where he turned it on to see if it made him feel nautious or
sick, while holding an EMF meter next to him. Thus proving if it
constituted an energy weapon.

The other people on that call alledged the technology was being used to
induce heart attacks and zap people like fly's.  I don't know about that
but I did pass on a paper they drafted about something else and the man I
handed their paper to died before John too. The other man was a Canadian
associate of my security group, called Barry Naipaul. I met Barry setting
up my counter office intelligence unit at the Scottish Bay in Domincan
Republic where Barry had his bar: One Love. A town called Las Terrenas. I
called it Carribean Communications Unit(CCU). A reboot of my former unit
Cyprus comms unit in RAF Akrotiri in 2003.

I was in the caribbean in exile, with Dr. Carrie Madej, between leaving the
military and working with my last employer, the Welsh Govenrment and Vale
of Glamorgan Council. I was there because I exposed Epstein Class types in
Yorkshire and there was a campaign waged to kidnap and silence me. My
abducted son is still missing 13 years later. No answers. But I did manage
to collect evidence of what they were doing to him after abducting him from
my former home in Stockeld Park in Leeds in 2013.

It has dawned on me through all of this, that the realm occupying and
ruling my ancestral birthland is hostile and farm from benevolant. I'm glad
Wales is decolonsing and Scotland is renouncing and Ireland is uniting and
England is looking at its own parliament. The British State meets its own
definition of a terrorist organition. Ghadaffi was right.

I say this as I also recently got declassified, ITV footage of how my
family were dispossessed of our farm since 1667 in 1988. With BP, Thatcher
and SAS and fraud, purgergy, lawfare, supression, court mistakes,
proceedural unfairness etc. A huge scandal (BP vs Buckler 1987). Literally
a sanctioned act of terrorism. To setup a terrorist cell/ camp of 23 houses
on our stolen land. And the audacity to call it Church View Close in
Llandough. Then supress the sites archaeological and historic significants.
And abuse my disabled widowed pensioner gran for decades. And after she
conveniently died in the week window she had to challenge BP registering
our land in their names in 1983, it transpires my dad conveniently died
after he appealed the 1987 ruling and his ECHR request was blocked. Much
like my ECHR request about my son being abducted and ritualistically abused
has been ignored for years. Much like illegitimate UK "authorities".

It was a ray of light to see what John did and said. He remains a real
champion to a lot of people. And CCAN now grows in strength and numbers. I
launched https://ceo.datro.xyz around the same time as Johns CCAN in an
unrelated pursuit to take direct action thats peaceful, lawful and civil.
Which is why I resonate with Johns group.

We had a revelation today speaking about my father and son situations. The
fraud and supression I unravelled in my father's (farm and Marconi) and
sons (abduction and ritualistic abuse and disappearance) case raised more
questions than answers. My MP or Councillor won't respond. There's no
justice. Just continued efforts to cover up and supress this stuff. And
because of the years and years this continues to be prolonged, I cannot
conclude much else than that it's a very active and ongoing war between
good and evil. And I continue to pray.  And encouraging anyone in honour
with military uniform to attend funerals of potential casualties of hybrid
warfare. In a war the Brit'ish State has waged on us indigenous Britons on
our ancestral birthlands.

My caribbean wife and daughter live like Avatar movie characters on their
island. I'm 41 now and it's obsurd I haven't seen my son since 36 days old,
let alone gone hunting and my father before me tried to teach me before he
was butchered as they tried me. I'm bonafide. I'm a certified and
experienced military commander and leader and warfare professional. But I
have little to no experience of life how the occupiers of my stolen land
live. Driving to work and walking the dog and enjoying peacetime and
abundance as they do. My family are all to terrified to even speak out
against what the Brit'ish State did to us for the last century.

There's a realm that exists under and outside the lies and brutality and
fraud of the British State. Like the Roman villa and monastery that their
terrorist camp called Church view close is built on. They demolished our
home in 88 instead of listing it grade II as they should have. I've even
written to the church of Wales about this scandal to try to get narrative
justice for my still terrified into silence family. Who are literal
hostages under terrorists now, even 4 decades later. This reign of evil
must end. Truth is the light. And they almost estiguished it in the case of
our land next to St Dochwys Church in Llandough.

John Oakes appeared to be very much of that other realm I know of and speak
off. A place of folk stories and ledgend. And I note from his arrival to
hospital how they tried to turn his life support off sooner than the
acceptable time period, not even allowing medication for induced coma to
wear off. He has a son as I am a son now trying to tell my father's and
families story.

It would mean the world to CCAN members nationwide on our lands. If John
Oakes could be recognised for what he undoubtedly relayed from God to man.
And in the case of the scandal on my family and herritage and history in
Llandough in Wales. There's a lot of hands on shoulders of people in the
regime, stopping them helping or speaking and rectifying records and
narratives. I would be forever greatful if just one hand was placed on one
shoulder asking for one fudiaciary to keep a proper record. Or one
journalist to print that we weren't squatters, not after 320 years of
occupancy. Anything to give hope to my long suffering family.

I know God will only do what I can't. Not what I wont. I actually can't
write this wrong except to discover their fraud after 2 decades of
researching what they did to us. I respect our enemy. They are collosal and
very intelligent. And I have limits despite my military cyber and
electronic warfare abilities.

Thank you for your time and consideration of this petition.

Yours respectfully,

Sion Buckler Esq. (Ret'd Sgt)

Manor of Llandough (Est. 1667)

Vale of Glamorgan, Wales
