Hi,

I'm from Cardiff, with a military background.
I'm married with a wife, daughter and little dog - (currently all in the
Caribbean).
My Address is 5 Robin Hill, Dinas Powys, Wales. CF644TF

I was awarded life membership to the Royal Signals as recent as 2017.
(Britain's and the British military's home of Cyber Professionals)
I've been a Director of various companies for 15+ years.
A recent request for a DBS certificate also shows I've never committed,
been suspected of, charged with, or arrested for a crime.
I've also never been bankrupt. And I served in Iraq and I left the military
with honours.
So please trust what I have to say to you today. It's serious and true.

In 2013, my 36-day-old son, with my ex partner, was abducted from my home
in Stockeld Park, Leeds. I have never seen him since.
Instead of assisting, the UK Government attempted to suppress it and bury
me with the truth.

If you act like my enemy, you are my enemy.
So I hired private military security (US Marine Lieutenant Colonel Curtis
Van Sant and British Airforce MP Leon Allen) to push back,
treating the UK Government no differently to other child snatching
terrorist groups like the Taliban or ISIS.
With my expertise in military cyber warfare, I evaded corrupt police kidnap
and obtained video evidence.
Video evidence of my abducted son in a ritual, conducted shortly after his
abduction - I got this from 4,000 miles away.

Then in 2015 Police called, but refused to just say how or where my
abducted son was.
They not only spent the whole call trying to get me to purger myself and
give away my location,
But it was revealed from the call recording - a plot was in motion to try
to frame me for terrorism (as to abuse terrorism law powers) to extradite
and silence me.
Here's some of that evidence: https://docsend.com/view/s/6mtvrameqkqzja78

I spent eight years in exile all together - gathering evidence of these
sick corrupt people in the UK Regime,
getting to them without them being able to get to me. Neither I, nor the
corrupt UK Regime are backing down.
Agents in ski masks even raided a friend's police station in Derby,
snatching his phone, attempting to read our messages.

Today - 12+ years later, I still have no proof-of-life of knowledge of the
fate of my son. He remains abducted and missing.
The UK Government likely knows the truth, but is either gagged or too
spineless to disclose it.
I've been left waiting and hoping, like Madeleine McCann's parents.
But this terrorist organisation we call the UK - has the audacity, aplomb
and nerve to keep up its sadism - even after I exposed it.
Like it's still plotting to get away with silencing me and covering up
crimes against mine and my son's humanity.

The Otley-based family cult, responsible for rituals on my son (and other
children in their care before my son) was caught harming another child.
This cult operated freely for years while I was in exile trying to stay
free and alive, specifically due to the cover-up efforts and all the
corrupt people on their payroll.
So other children and people have been harmed as a direct result of my
child's abductors, abusers and captors not ending up behind bars.

Still no investigation seems to have happened, just ongoing attempts to
suppress the truth.
(not even a witness statement taken, from the witness at my home the day of
my son's abduction).
My military community all now knows the truth, but the police appear beyond
corrupt, negligent, or incompetent.
I don't know why I went into exile, I should have just stayed in Britain
with my private military security contractors and executed a coup or civil
war.
Had I done that, I'd have actually made sure my son's fate was determined,
his abusers punished and the negligent, incompetent, corrupt UK Government
would have surely been pushed off a cliff and at the bottom of the sea
where it belongs by now.  My mistake was trusting my own government was my
ally - not our enemy as it transpired to be.
I thought it would serve and defend me and my son, as I once served and
defended it in uniform. What a circus UK Government is.

In any case I consider the exposure of crimes committed against other
children other than my son,
after they finished with my son (because police were too busy covering up
their crimes than jailing them), testament enough that I was exonerated,
So in 2022 I returned to Britain.
Upon returning from exile, I was treated with silent respect by some. Like
the stakes remain high, with enemies everywhere.
From 2022 until mid last year, I worked under the Welsh Government's Vale
of Glamorgan Direct Payments Scheme doing adult care.

Given these circumstances, including the added addition of the unlawful
theft of land (BP vs Buckler 1987) and theft of my first house,
I view the UK Government and its loyalists as a terrorist organisation
occupying Britain. Which just keeps raping and pillaging my families.

I didn't leave exile for Britain after exoneration. I actually flew to
America.
I mainly returned to Britain from America in 2022, because my nan was
dying; And she passed away last year. I also consider that a genocide by
the UK Regime.
For all the reasons above I keep myself, my wife, child, dog, and assets as
far from Britain as possible until significant change occurs.
And consider us now in a state of civil war.

And no. My daughter is a British Subject, but no I will not be registering
her into the UK Regime.
I never even gave consent for the UK Regime to govern my son - it was done
by way of abduction and enslavement.
And I do not give my consent for the UK to govern my daughter.
It's why I keep her far from Britain or being able to be abducted and
enslaved, like was done to my son.

I'm writing all this today because I live and breathe what I'm disclosing,
so please don't belittle or reduce all this down to military and legal
rhetoric.
ChatGPT tells me there's a solid legal basis for calling out the UK
Government as being a terrorist organisation that's annihilating our
freedom and sovereignty.
Read more here:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xtP15riHMWHEfc4Zn3MEMmY2-7kEUFVFQuAgTS983ms


Most notably the UK Home Offices FormRN no longer allows a renouncing UK
citizen to revert back to a free human and/or sovereign British subject, as
we were at birth (prior to registration into UK Society). The only option
is transfer to another regime, effectively constituting this being
entrapment, enslavement and human trafficking.
The aforementioned changes, made discreetly without a vote, eradicates our
freedom and sovereignty.

I've filed formal complaints, reported all this to my old (and now new) MP,
but the Home Office ignores them.
I'm even raising all this with the international human rights and amity
international now.
The UK Regime appears to largely consist of corrupt terrorists, spineless
or silent cowards or people too heavily indoctrinated or occupied to
perform their function of government.
Without reinstating the ability to renounce citizenship, the UK Government
is engaging in enslavement, exploitation, and human trafficking, akin to
ISIS or the Taliban.
Restoring this check and balance is essential to prevent further war crimes
and human rights violations.
The 1801 Act of Union, albeit established by a 24-year-old prime minister,
was designed with this check/ balance in mind - And its removal is
devastating.

The UK Government is not only evolving into a terrorist organisation in my
estimation, but foreign interests and control is increasing - making this
an urgent national security matter in my estimation too. The right of free
people to join at will (or waiver the benefits and leave), must be restored
to prevent enslavement and unlawful detainment/ human trafficking.
Without restoration of mutual agreement, this trespass on our freedom and
sovereignty that's occurring, will further decimate the people, union and
country.

Feel free to email me back or call and leave a voice message.
I check into my voicemail when I'm able.

Sion Buckler
Founder & CEO
DATRO Security Group
+442031377118
