In 2022/23 i had to fly back to Britain from New York to care for my nan. I
was British armed forces & left colour service with honours. My trade 2002
-07 was Cyber & electronic warfare. I did a tour in Iraq too. I finished my
last year in my 22 year Oath under the Welsh government last year. They
were my last text year source of taxable income.

I would add I was only overseas because I was in my 8th year in exile
(albeit eventually exhonorated) after my son was abducted in 2013 and
police and courts tried to kidnap & silence me instead of helping my son. I
escaped & evaded corrupt police capture and beat courts trying to silence
me (threatening me with 5 years in jail if I speak) due to habius corpus
(they couldn't obtain my body).

I ended up on a Caribbean island. I have the call recording of police
telling me my son's ok, but also video evidence of my abducted 36 day old
boy, in a ritual, while they were saying he was ok.
https://vt.tiktok.com/ZSSkGhJVA/

My boy is still abducted and missing, no proof of life, status etc -
nothing!. He was abducted by him mum after I caught her abusing him in
2013. From our home in Stockeld Park Leeds. I've never seen him since. I
have loads of evidence and reports him mum and her family mistreat him. I
was evidently deep in the UK Regime. I was technically a spy in my Cyprus
posting in 2004 (which Edward Snowden revealed). But I was a double agent
and you'll understand why if you look at my upbringing.

In any case, I came back to care for my nan in 2022. She'd been poisoned by
new hips. Poisoned by the vaccine. And when I arrived back I caught a nurse
trying to finish her off with morphine, which I stopped.

In any case I had to live in a tent the whole time I cared for a nan. I was
already living overseas, with my, now new wife and child. I couldn't afford
a second place in Britain. So I sought housing and assistance with housing
while i was back.

I was rejected housing and had to stay in a tent the first year I cared for
my nan, while 94 Afghans were being secretly housed nearby. Which they
wouldn't acknowledge because it was a secret until recently. And they
denied it.

I was full time employed. Tax paying. No criminal record or arrests. No
illnesses, physical or mental. I was in Oath. And my source of income was
the Welsh government. I was in my home county. Welsh speaking too. Same
county I went to school in (Iolo Morganwg, Cowbridge).  It was insane I had
to care for my nan in the first place because the council couldn't.
Apparently carers from Barry couldn't make it to my nan in Monknash. And it
was insane I had to stay in a tent the whole time I cared for her.

I did try complaining and the vale of Glamorgan council just fobbed me off.

 It's not just the case they're leaving us all to die, the UK Regime is
actively acting like our enemy. Here's what I have so far.

I believe the UK government killed my grandad (actor Ray Smith), because he
was a Welsh nationalist.

I believ they killed my uncle (Justin Smith - founded of Glam rock band
Tigertailz - married to Shan Cothi),

I believe they killed nan last year (on the 4th assassination attempt),

And I believe they killed my dad (after stealing our farm e.g. BP Vs
Buckler 1987). Newspaper achieves report he was killed. Dragged from
hospital bed. It's a rabbit hole.

 ...and the same UK Regime abducts and hides my firstborn for 12 years so
far. And sent me to die in an illegal war.

We aren't consenting to be governed citizens in a democratic British
society. We are hostages under a tyrant terrorist organisation. I could go
into the technicalities if you'd like e.g. births act and home office form
RN and explain it all (as a Public Servant of 22 years) but you likely
already know, you'd just struggle to believe the reality.

I'm at the Welsh settlement in Argentina now. I also setup a protectorate
called the Scottish Bay in the Dominican Republic. If people want safety
come to me here or my protectorate in DR. I got anyone wishing to flee
Britain covered. UNICEF and the UN may need to intervene in Britain. I
reported a lot of this to them already.

I believe anyone with strong connections to the land are the primary
target. Hence stealing my 800 year old farm, which my family occupied for
400 years. Furthermore Marconi was staying with my family at our farm when
he invented the radio. I grew up eating breakfast from the table he
invented the radio on.
If you research you'll see stealing and demolishing our farm and killing my
dad was actually to get to Roman artifacts under our farm. There was also
300 child graves and other things that is another huge rabbit hole.

Second target is what I believe to be the following identifying traits.
Those of Simultaneously White Anglo Native & Christian (SWANC). I'm not
talking about consenting multiculturalism. There's abscondment due to mixed
children from rape (on the rise), there's dehumanisation of our kids. We're
90% of victims of crime but only account for 25% of the population. And
crimes where SWANC is the victims are solved less and less year on year
while non-SWANC crimes get solved more and more year on year. We're also
the only technical  minority, but simultaneously the only group of
identifying traits not afforded protection and prohibited from taking
positive action (despite section 158 of the equality act permitting us e.g.
intersecting traits, culture at risk etc). Furthermore the ECHR affords us
protection which they're trying to remove too. And if you look at those of
us SWANC and will a reasonable quality of life and standard of living e.g.
pension, income, family etc it's now only 1.5% of the population.

I think Michael Jones who set up this Welsh settlement I'm at nailed it. He
pioneered this colony because of what he called the 1879 decapitation
committee. I think that grew legs and spread like HYDRA to every corner of
the UK Regime. The UK Regime is now the Decapitation Committee.

And when you see only 1% (7) MP's condemning the decapitation of the 70
Christians in central Africa in May and 99% of MP's remaining silence, I
think my point is validated. UK Regime is the decapitation committee now.

I say this as a certified and experienced military commander & leader.
Possibly more directly effected by this than anyone. With first hand
accounts and evidence. And narrowly escaping all the dangers with my
liberty and life. And I'm bonafide. We are in civil war.

My driver was killed. The UK Regime tried framing me for terrorism to
extradite me back to Britain and silence me in 2014. They raided my friends
police station in Derby in 2015 too, to read our messages. Thinking I was
using my friend at the police station to get to them before they got to me.
The fact is I was no 1 hacker in the military in 2005. My skills in cyber
warfare predate and extend beyond my military career in cyber warfare.

So as a veteran. Just finishing 22 years in oath. Leaving my military
career with honours. Last employer Welsh government. A former spy. Double
agent if you consider I was a dissident from 1988 when they killed my dad.
And royal signals intelligence actually awarded me life membership in 2017.
After I was awarded 8 parents from Google for a technology I developed. And
a Google Loon nationwide contract (inc. helicopter pilot budget & air
traffic control access). (Google also let me keep money I hacked from them
in 2011, saying if I think I can get money from their bank I could keep it.
So I proved I could. And I got to keep it).

I don't know what else to say.
We're in civil war.
The UK Regime acted like my enemy.
So it's my enemy.
It acts like a terrorist organisation.
It's not a democratic society.
It's outlawed not to give consent to be governed. Renouncing and going back
to being free and sovereign also outlawed. We are hostages.

My wife and I keep our daughter off British isles. And unregistered. I will
not have her be a hostage in the terrorist organisation UK Regime too.

I also wouldn't return to British Isles, not until there's a military coup,
civil war or the enemy takes over. It might be better under say Russia Vs
the regime we have. It really would.

See enclosed what I see happening in Britain at the highest level. Plan
Aluya.
I say this in my professional capacity as a military strategist. Remember
I'm bonafide. I have all the credentials. And the UK Regime, despite every
effort, didn't actually manage to kidnap, silence, discredit or destroy me.
And it got to most of my family but not me. Not yet.

Regards,

Sion Buckler
+447845933262
