Hi Jason,

See attached what I've formulated so far:

- Draft Corporate Structure
- Draft Business Case/ Plan (pages 1-7)
- Draft Business Case/ Financial Forecasts

As you can see on the documents I've actioned some of this already, forming
the companies etc, I've also got the website underway too.
I did initially intend to form a single integration alliance with a single
partner. But I have lots of interest and so I can regionalize the
integration alliance.
Also instead of selling the technology to the integrator alliance I'll
licence it out for 5 years then award the license to one of the IA's in one
of the jurisdictions (the one which has made the most progress I suspect).
So one of the branches of the integrator alliance, in one of the
jurisdictions, will eventually be handed the keys to the technology and
become licensor for the entire integration alliance. The remaining
Integrator alliance branches in the other jurisdictions will retain equity
for their efforts, but they'll otherwise be referred to the new licensor (I
would imagine their new HQ).

For clarity, I asked you to buy some equity in DATRO Consortium Ltd. Circa
£2,000 GBP.  That's the buy-in.
This way I can award you (and other nominee directors following suit)
equity in DATRO Consortium Ltd.
And when the license fees are paid from IA members subscription, you
effectively get a cut as you become a shareholder.
Your other remuneration will be a share of the IA membership funds to the
tune of £3O0k over the 5 year term - for your role as nominee director.

Our licensee joint-venture will be a Wyoming LLC (targeting California). I
have other partners for NY, Texas and more states.
I suggest you now do the following to help me start this business:

1. Incorporate a UK Ltd company entitled WWFM DSAP UK and get a Bank
account to go with it. (Tide is a good route for both).
2. Pay the £2k to DATRO Consortium Ltd (see attached the DATRO Consortium
Ltd bank details)

Once I've seen this commitment from you, I'll get the licence agreements
between your/ our UK Ltd and DATRO sorted, for the licensor/licensee
technology rights.
Then we get our UK Ltd listed on the website we launch for the integrator
alliance, so that prospective members in UK can subscribe online.

I'll also cc you into the latest google docs business and financial plans
for us to co-author so we're on the same page.
Hope this email helps.

Call me anytime too dude, you have my whatsapp.

Regards,

Sion "Hywel" Buckler
00447845933262
